“...ake up! We’re going to be la...”

He awoke to the sound of her silvery, ringing voice, rousing him to meet a new bright day. But sleep, still retaining a grasp on his yet addled mind, beckoned him back to the realm of dreams.

“...already slept enough. Please wake up!”

As lovely it was to hear her concerned voice calling for him, the allure of the warm futon was simply too strong to resist. He turned to his side and snuggled inside the warm sheets, starting to drift back into—

“Come on, you sleepyhead!” He felt her hand gripping his arm and shaking him gently. “We don’t want to make the boss angry with us.”

Sadly, physical contact of that calibre was impossible to ignore. He did the next best thing by curling further inside his bed and vocalizing a weary grunt, which in half-asleep vernacular was supposed to mean a mix of “go away” and “let me sleep”. She didn’t seem to understand the language, though, as her rocking became sterner.

“Ah, you’re awake now, aren’t you? Don’t try to pretend you’re not!” He felt a weight shifting the futon under him shift slightly towards the side. She must have crawled up on top of it, and he sensed, more than saw, her leaning closer to him. “You made me promise that I’d wake you up early, and I’m not going to leave until you do!”

Under such a relentless assault, he could do naught but give ground, and made a titanic effort to open his eyes. The bright morning light immediately invaded his retinas, and he winced in discomfort. But in that short moment, he also caught a blurred glimpse of her beautiful face at hand’s reach—and he mused, in his first coherent thought of the day, that as far as ways to wake up go, he wouldn’t mind seeing it every morning.

But while the mind was beginning to be willing, the body still refused to comply, and the part of him that wanted nothing more than to return to Dreamland raised a hand towards the general direction where her face was, and attempted to swat her away like a fly. Instead, his fingers found an incredibly soft fluffiness with his fingers, followed by the cutest yelp his ears had the pleasure of hearing. He was sure that he would have very pleasant dreams if he could cuddle this soft, adorable thing close to him...

“Five more minutes,” he tried to say, but his mouth produced only a grumble that sounded more like “grblmrblrrrhmph.”

“Oh no, you’re not sleeping in on my watch!” The yelper exclaimed, moving his hand away with her own slender, warm fingers. She let out an exasperated sigh. “You persistent, treacherous human... Must I resort to using my trump card?”

Still roped inside his blanket, he sensed her scooching over to him, until he could feel her breath softly on his ear. It was all he could do to stop a delighted shiver from running down his body. And then, he heard her inhaling, and with her lovely, sing-song voice, she gently cooed:

“Cock-a-doodle-doo~”

There was no defense against such a blow. In an admission of defeat, he squirmed in his bed and begrudgingly opened his eyes fully. His efforts were rewarded with the beautiful vision of an amber, feathery goddess, sitting inches away from his face, her ruby eyes staring at him with victorious mirth.

“...Mornin’, Kutaka,” he managed to vocalize.

“Good morning!” The bird goddess replied cheerfully as she removed the warm blanket from him. “Rise and shine, my dear human! It’s a beautiful day outside, and there’s much to—waaah!?”

But just because he was defeated it did not mean he could not bring his adversary down with him. And so, in a dishonorable surprise attack, he grabbed Kutaka’s arm and pulled her light, lean body into an embrace.

“Hey, what are you doing? Let me go, you meanie! We have to go to work!”

The bird goddess struggled in his arms, her blonde wings fluttering wildly and shedding a couple of yellow feathers in the process, but his arms had gripped her too tightly against him, and she could not escape his grasp. Eventually, after a short, ineffectual tussle, she gave up, and let out another sigh.

“Ah, fine... But just for a little while, okay?” She said, with a hint of annoyance, “breakfast is going to get cold.”

Contrary to her words, her smile radiated warmth and affection that soothed his very soul. Feeling grateful for her, he nodded in acknowledgement, eager to enjoy her kind presence close to him to the fullest, for however short this fleeting moment would be. He felt her own lithe arms wrapping around his neck and pulling him closer to him, while her fluffy wings covered him in a soft, warm embrace that no blanket could ever compare to. Burying his nose into her ruffled hair, he breathed her peculiar aroma in—smelled like fresh hay—, humming in appreciation.

As far as ways to wake up go, he reaffirmed to himself, there really was no better way than having an adorable goddess of chicken snuggled against him.