You think to yourself, foolishly limit yourself to one or two girls when you could have an entire orgy of them?

Evilly, you remember the pool near your apartment, and the girls swim team that practices there. A long time ago you realized that, with the right angle from your window, you could look into the pool, and watch from a distance as their fit, near naked bodies cut through the water. What better a way to exercise your new powers than to kidnap and rape the entire swim team?

With that thought happily in mind, you wait until evening practice is about to start, then slip into the building. You ask around for the swim team coach, making up some bullshit excuse about needing to speak with him. Eventually you find him, and inform him that your will is that he round up the members of the swim team and bring them to you. Soon enough, 7 beautiful and fit girls are lined up in front of you. You dismiss the coach, then turn to face the team.

"Good evening girls. My will is that you stay exactly there without moving."

You walk up to one of the girls and without hesitation, reach out and grope her breasts

"What the fuck are you doing you pervert! Wait! Why can't I move"

You look at the other girls, their faces filling with panic as they realize that they too, are stuck frozen in place. A few of them begin to shout at you, demanding to know what is going on.

"Quiet down! I will be very blunt with all of you. I have complete control of you and your bodies. There is no way to break this control, and even if you did, I will not stop in hunting you down and punishing you for your insubordination. At this point, the best thing you can do to get through this situation is to give me what I want. To be blunt again, I intend to rape and abuse every single one of you. This isn't a threat, or something I am saying to cause you to panic. I want everyone to be on the same page and have my intentions absolutely clear."

You give them a moment to let it sink in, their faces growing paler and paler with fear as the full implications of what is about to happen sinks in.

"What are your names?" you ask, pointing to the first girl.

"I-I'm Emma" she says, looking like she is about to break into tears. You point to the next girl.

"My name is Jessica"

"I'm Abby"

"I uhh, I'm Sarah"

"I'm Riley, and you can go fuck yourself." You smirk at her.

"I'm Maddy"

"Hey, I'm Kelly"

"Well, with that out of the way, I want everyone to follow my instructions very carefully: Go to your apartments or houses, grab some sexy clothes and beauty products. Shower, shave. and make yourself otherwise presentable. Once you are done, come back to my apartment at 5555 Smith street, Apartment number 1234. You are to do this as quickly as possible. You are not to tell anyone what is going on, in fact I want all of you to leave your phones behind. It might be a good idea to bring a sleeping bag and pillow. Now go."

The girls scatter, and you make your way back to the apartment. For the plan you have in mind, you will also need a second apartment. You go over to the apartment next door, one you know has a cute girl living inside. You knock, and she answers soon enough.

"Hello darling. My will is for you to leave within the next hour, then come back here sometime around midnight. Also, give me your room key."

She finds herself compelled to follow, and quickly does what you ask. You, meanwhile, wait in your own apartment, sexy and sadistic ideas bouncing around in your head. A few hours pass, and the swim team girls begin showing up and you instruct them to unpack the things they have brought. A few of them, especially Sarah and Kelly appeared to have taken your instructions to heart and put in a real effort to look sexy. Their hard work will pay off for them, you think to yourself.

As soon as they have all arrived, you line them up again.

"Listen to me very carefully. Believe me, you don't want to miss a thing"

The girls nervously look at you as you continue.

"I want to figure out which one of you makes the best sex slave. I have decided the best way to do this is a contest of sorts. Seeing as there are 7 of you, this contest will have 6 rounds, each round eliminating one of you until one girl remains, who will then get the glorious privilege of becoming my fuckdoll.

Each round, I will give you some rules, then I will go over to the apartment next door. You all will randomly choose one girl to come over to that apartment, and try and make me cum as fast as possible, under the constraints of the rules, of course. As soon as the first girl is done, she will come back to this apartment, and a second girl will be randomly sent over, until all of you have had a turn.

When you come over and enter that apartment, I will start a timer, and that timer will end the moment I orgasm. The loser of the round will be the girl who takes the longest to make me cum, although I might shave off some time after the fact if you do anything particularly creative or pleasurable.

Any questions?"

Riley opens her mouth. "Hey! What happens if we lose your stupid fucking contest"

"Well I thought I already told you. The losers get eliminated and don't get the honor of becoming my concubine."

The tone in which you state that sentence implies something a bit more sinister behind your words, an implication the rest of the girls get, judging by their nervous shifting and darting glances. Riley obviously doesn't, continuing to leer at you with a shit eating grin on her face.

"Well then, without further ado, let's start round 1! It will be pretty vanilla, rules are PiV sex only. No use of your mouth or ass on my genitals, and no toys! I'll be in the other room, send the first girl in a minute or so."

You lay down on the bed and strip, getting out your timer. The first girl for this round, Jessica, enters wearing a tank top, no bra, and a nice pair of jean shorts. Upon seeing your throbbing erection, she immediately shoves a hand down her pants and begins rubbing herself, the other hand groping at her breasts.

"Mmmm, fuck me with that massive cock, fuck me and make me cum you stud!" she moans at you.

"The point of this challenge is to make me cum" you think to yourself, but her words are sexy and her body is turning you on more and more, so you ignore that little thought.

Jessica rips off her clothing as fast as she can and jumps into bed, lying on her back, continuing to masturbate and arching her back in pleasure. You stand up, ready to penetrate her, but before you can, she says "my pussy is so delicious, don't you want a taste?"

"The idea of this is to make me cum. If you become my sex slave then I will eat your pussy all day, but until then you should focus on winning this contest."

"Yeah, I guess you are right, please fuck me then" she says, sighing and spreading her legs wider.

You push yourself forward, and hear her moaning in response. As you build up a rhythm, Jessica begins rubbing her clit in response, moaning in ecstasy. She is a bit demanding, constantly nagging at you to go faster or slower, at this angle or that, but you forgive her, considering that watching her pleasure is turning you on as well.

The combination of her lust for you and her hot body makes you cum in no time, and you orgasm loudly, pumping your seed into her womb.

"That was, pretty good." Jessica says, almost matter-of-factly. She stands up, your cum still dripping out of her pussy. "So now I just go over and call in the next girl?"

"Yup, pretty much"

"Ok! Thanks for the fuck" she smiles at you, and leaves.

The next girl to come in is Emma. She walks in entirely naked, but before you get a chance to take in her features, she immediately lays down in the bed.

"Please, just get this over with" she begs, then closes her eyes. You stand over her body. She has a nice rack and tight stomach, definitely a nice fuck, although her lack of enthusiasm doesn't exactly give her points. Oh well, a pussy is a pussy, and you penetrate her slowly.

Emma lies there, eyes closed, occasionally yelping in pain but otherwise not really reacting. You even begin slapping her breasts and face in an attempt to get her to liven up, but she just closes her eyes tighter. It takes you a while, but eventually you cum, unspectacularly. Emma sighs loudly, tension leaving her body as she relaxes her position.

"Am I done? Can I go get the next girl please"

"I suppose"

"Thank you" she says quickly, exiting the room, her face a grimace of disgust

Sarah walks in with purpose, immediately throwing herself on top of you, pressing her breasts into your face, reaching down with her hands and grabbing your dick.

"I want to get on top of this dick so badly, Jesus christ you are sexy" she whispers in your ears. You don't think you have ever gotten so hard, so fast. You spend a moment running your hands over her body, she runs her hands on you in turn. Lustfully, she breaks off of you, and straddles your cock. Right before she enters, she freezes, and says "Wait a second, get a pillow under you, it feels better that way." After doing so, she straddles your cock once again. She sighs, bites her lip, then sits down gingerly on your cock. As it penetrates her further and further, she lets out a load moan and blushes.

Sarah is... for lack of a better word, attentive. As she fucks you, she quickly learns what techniques give you the most pleasure, all while moaning incredibly sexily. She interacts with more than your cock though, running her hands over your chest, into your hair. She grabs your hands and gropes her own boobs with them, her face a delightful mask of pure bliss. Despite the length and size of your cock, she manages to take it well, balancing the line between going not deep enough, or going too deep and causing herself pain.

As glorious as this fuck is, unknown to you, she still has a secret weapon. Acute as she is, she notices that you are edging closer to orgasm, and without any warning she clenches her vagina around your dick, then leans over to you and begs: "Please cum inside my pussy, I need your cum!"

The combination immediately sends you over the edge, and you ejaculate forcefully into her hot cunt.

You are still reeling over the orgasm, but Sarah doesn't waste any time getting off of it and saying "I better clean it up for the next girl." She immediately pops it into her mouth, despite the fact that you are still pulsating cum. As your orgasm subsides, and your dick is feeling sensitive, she slowly blows you, licking the cum and pussy juice off of your cock like its a lollipop.

Breathing heavily, you exclaim "That's enough, that's enough"

"Are you sure? I don't mind round two in my mouth."

"Oh I suppose, if you insist"

She smiles at you, then continues to lick at your cock, cleaning the length of it with her dexterous tongue. Slowly, she edges you towards a second orgasm, swallowing every last drop of your seed.

She smiles at you again, licking her lips, before heading out of the room.

It's a minute before the next girl shows up, you wonder what is causing the delay.

Just as soon as you are about to go check, Riley walks in with the confidence of a runway star. She is entirely naked, a handful of perky breasts atop an otherwise stellar body. A nicely shaved landing strip leads your eyes to a pristine pussy between a pair of fit, swimmers legs.

"You like what you see?" she goads

"You bet I do" you respond

"Well, that's really unfortunate, because I'm not having a part in your stupid contest." She says, flipping you off. "This pussy is mine and mine alone, though you can kiss my ass if you really want to."

You match Riley's smirk with a smirk of your own. "Is that your... submission for this round of the contest?"

"You know what, I'm a pretty good mood today. You can go fuck yourself to a picture of me if you want." She says sarcastically and bitchily.

"No, that won't be necessary, just tell the girls you decided to abstain from this round and send the next one in."

"I will do what you command, master" she says mockingly, the last word dripping in sarcasm.

A minute later, the door opens again, except instead of a girl standing there, Kelly crawls in on her hands and knees, a belt held in her mouth. She is clothed, though you can see ample cleavage considering her position. She drops the belt at the foot of the bed, and looks up at you longingly.

"Please use me like a little whore, I need your cock inside me sir." She moans out at you.

You waste no time getting off the bed behind her. You rip off her shorts and are met with a glistening pink pussy. In response, she whispers at you "please use my cunt sir"

You don't even bother to take off the rest of her clothing, and immediately slam yourself inside Kelly. She moans loudly, half in pain, half in pleasure. Unlike Sarah's sensual fuck, Kelly's sex is primal and rough. For every thrust you make forward, she responds by thrusting herself backwards. Your cock is obviously paining her, but she doesn't seem to care, lost in the pleasure of fucking you and being fucked in return.

You begin to thrust harder and harder, grabbing her hips for leverage. She screams in response, but continues her amazing fuck. You begin to explore abusing her, groping painfully at her tits, pulling on her hair, choking her with the belt. Each ounce of pain seems to drive her more and more frenzied.

You both quickly find yourselves panting and sweaty due to the intensity of the sex. As you find yourself nearing closer and closer, you grunt that fact into her ear. She responds quickly. "Please cum inside me! I need to feel your hot seed! Please please please cum in me."

Her words drive you over the edge and you explode jizz inside her. You both immediately collapse from exhaustion, your cock spurting cum all over her crotch and legs.

"Oh my god, that was so fucking sexy" Kelly exclaims, turning to face you. "I hope your seed impregnates me, I want to have your fucking children!" she moans.

You merely smile at her. The two of you lay there for a while, your cum still coating her pussy lips and crotch. After a few minutes, you whisper to her. "That was fun, but we will have more fucks in the future. Send in the next one."

Unhappily and shakily, Kelly gets up to her legs, blows you a kiss, and heads off.

You are cleaning yourself off as Abby walks in.

"Hey baby, looking for a hot fuck?"

"I suppose I am, what've you got for me?"

Abby glides over to you, breathing heavily as she reaches. She begins to strip for you, letting you grope her as she does.

"mmm baby, you like the feel of those tits?" she asks, rhetorically, in a pornstar voice.

As soon as she is completely naked, she softly pushes you into bed and gets on top of your cock. Sarah was right, it does feel better with a pillow under you.

Abby appears to have gotten all her sex ideas from porn, as she moans loudly and wantonly. She bounces rapidly on your dick, a feeling that is incredibly nice, but lacks any of the sensualness from Sarah.

Nonetheless, Abby is a beautiful girl with big tits and a young pussy, and it isn't long before her aggressive fucking makes you cum.

"UNFFFF" she moans again. "I hope you liked that" she says, getting off of you. She rubs your chest awkwardly, you aren't exactly sure what she is trying to do.

"Send in the next girl," you say bored, slapping her hands away from you.

A bit of fear washes over Abby's face before she composes herself. "Yes sir, of course" she chatters, before hastily making her exit.

The last girl of the round, Maddy, also decides to enter naked. From across the room you can see that she is incredibly wet, her juices leaking out onto her legs. She walks over to you, grabs your hand, and presses it against her cunt.

"My pussy is wet and eager to serve you sir. All I want in life is to pleasure you."

"I like the sound of that, how do you want me to take you?"

"On my hands and knees sir, if you would have me."

"Sounds good to me."

She assumes the position. You take a moment to run your hands over her while she remains perfectly still. You molest her eagerly, taking in her young body as your own property while she sits silently and takes it.

Your cock twitching in anticipation, and you slide yourself into her, your hands running up her body as you push yourself deeper into her. Maddy moans softly. While Kelly's doggystyle fuck was wild and rough, Maddy has an air of submission to her. As you slowly slide in and out, she moans quietly. You notice that she is subtly shifting her position, clenching and releasing her vagina to maximize pleasure. Kelly might have wildly fucked your dick, but Maddy is quiet and collected, every minor movement she takes absolutely calculated to drive you wild.

Thanks to your powers you last a long time, but Maddy still manages to make you cum faster than most of her other peers. As your cum fills her, she lets out an almost imperceptible moan that drives you wild.

You take a few minutes for the both of you to recover, then you both put on clothes and return follow to your apartment, where the rest of the girls nervously wait.
you are incredibly impressed that they have managed to pretend to be sexually interested in you, even though you know that they are all probably pissing themselves in fear wondering if they are next on the chopping block.

Well, all of them except for Emma of course. She looks like she has been having a panic attack this entire time, which is an entirely reasonable response, all things considered.

"Alright girls, I've used your pussys and hands, next up is quite obviously... your mouth! Just don't stick my dick into your bottom two holes and you will be fine!"

Jessica walks and immediately begins kissing your face. She moves on to your neck, then chest, and works her way down your body towards your crotch. Her hands are already there, working both your shaft and balls, warming them up nicely.

"I wanna feel you grow in my mouth" she moans, then wastes no time getting your hardening dick in her mouth. She swirls her tongue around your cock as it extends deeper into her, then takes its entire length down her throat as she pushes herself into your crotch.

It appears to be too much to handle, and she chokes a bit, pulling herself away immediately, tears forming in her eyes.

"God I need a break already! Your cock is so massive!"

Slower this time, she begins to lick at your balls, first taking her time and resting her tongue on each of them individually, then moving into sucking them, then taking the entirety of your sack into her mouth.

Jessica moans as best she can with your scrotum in her mouth, and rubs her own breasts. You feel the sensation of her cheeks tightening around your testes as her tongue flicks back and forth over them. Her eyes stare into yours, your massive cock laying across her face.

Her break over, she extricates herself and works her way back up your cock, teasing it's length with the tip of her tongue. Up and down she goes, the sensation registering almost like a tickle. She teases your glans a bit, flicking it with the tip of her tongue, before suddenly taking the entirety of your cock into her mouth again.

This time, she is prepared, and expertly presses your sausage down her gullet. Jessica bobs up and down rhythmically, touching herself and softly stroking at your balls.

She takes a deep breath, and then fully deepthroats you again, straining to push your manhood as far as it will go. When she reaches the base, she licks at your balls once again, before she can't take it anymore and pulls out entirely, coughing and drooling a little bit.

She looks up at you, her eyes red, strings of saliva hanging out of her mouth. "God I love being your blowjob toy!" She moans, and takes you in with even more vigor than the last.

She is facefucking herself against you now, bobbing forward in a frenzy of motion. While face moves quickly, her hand slowly climbs up the back of your legs to your ass. She grabs onto your cheeks tightly and uses it as leverage to force herself deeper and deeper onto you.

This is the straw that breaks the camels back, and you finally release yourself, massive pumps of cum jetting down her throat and into her mouth. She continues to suck as your jizz fills her mouth and leaks from her lips.

As your orgasm fades, she slows down to, although her hands are still grabbing onto your butt. She lazily swirls her tongue around your cock, a repeat of the beginning of the blowjob, and slowly swallows the last of your cum.

You both stay there, panting for a moment, before you send her off to get the next girl.

Abby hangs on the doorframe in an awkward attempt at a seductive look, then sits down next to you. She looks at your face for a bit, then down at your crotch.

"How bout you put that big dick in this little mouth of mine?"

"Yeah, maybe if it will shut you up for once."

"O-Oh"

You feel bad, she's trying her best and it's not her fault that she has the creativity of a sock. Your guilt quickly melts away as you feel her mouth enveloping your cock. While it may not be good for talking, it definitely isn't bad for a blowjob. After a few minutes of her specialty (sexy, but bland fucking) she pops herself out of you and looks up at you. "Do you mind standing up for me?"

You oblige, and she resumes her sucking. This time, however, she moves her hands up to your ass and begins fingering at your anus. Slowly she widens it, and pushes her finger inside it, massaging your prostate and G-spot.

"I guess the wannabe fuckdoll does know something after all." you mumble. Either she doesn't hear your, or chooses to ignore it.

Jokes aside, it does feel incredible to have this bitch focusing all her attention into pleasuring your nether regions. With her mouth on your cock, one set of hands on your balls, and the last set massaging your prostate, your brain can barely handle all the pleasure she is giving you. You give up on trying to make sense of it, and just let the variety of sensations wash over you.

Before you know it, you explode into her mouth. Unlike Jessica however, she is entirely unprepared and pulls away, gagging on your cum as the remainder spurts out onto her face. On a lark, you grab her head and press it against the head of your cock, rubbing it against her cheeks as the last of your cum splashes out.

You let her clean your cock off a bit, then get her to send the next girl in.

Kelly carefully walks, holding two tall glasses of liquid.

You eye her suspiciously, but say nothing as she sets them down next to you. One is a warm glass of tea, the other is a glass of ice water.

Without saying a word herself, she takes your cock into her mouth, and nurtures it until it becomes hard. After a little bit of sucking, she pulls her head back, and picks up the tea, taking a sip into her mouth. She returns it to your cockhead, and you immediately feel the tea's warmth surround your cock.

Kelly looks up at you expectantly, and pulls away. "Did you like that?"

"Yeah..." you sigh out.

"Good! I wasn't sure if you've gotten that before, and I wanted to surprise you! I'd have brought the grapefruit, but you didn't have any in your kitchen... Well anyway!"

She goes back to sucking away, alternating between the warm tea and the cold water. It feels odd to have her swallowing liquids as they surround your cock, and the cold rather numbs you, but it feels so good that you will likely shave some time off her score anyway.

Seeing as you have already come inside two girls' mouths already, you decide to change it up a bit.

"Let me come inside your pussy."

"Huh"

"I wanna change things up"

"This isn't a trick or anything right?..."

"No! Now turn around and bend over before it's too late!"

"Okay then!"

Kelly turns around and presents herself to you. You barely take a second to admire her pussy before lust overtakes you and you thrust yourself inside her. You take control of her body and begin pounding her, spilling your seed inside her fertile womb in no time.

"Wow, I hope that knocks me up!"

"If it doesn't, there's more where that came from."

She wraps her arms around you and whispers into your ears: "I hope you keep me around long enough for me to get pregnant on your seed."

"Keep up the good work and I think I will"

She giggles a bit and wraps herself tighter, but you send her off.

Sarah walks in wordlessly, a sheer shirt covering her tits. She walks by you and begins to take off her shirt as you stare at her firm ass.

With her shirt off, she climbs into bed and lays down on her back, hanging her head off the bed, her hair spilling down and touching the floor. Her mouth is wide open, waiting for you. You walk over to her head, your cock at the perfect height for her mouth.

As you stare down her body, you notice that the words "USE ME" are scribbled on her stomach in marker. She even had the foresight to make them upside down so that they are perfectly in view from this angle.

"Don't mind if I do." You say, and pull your cock up, placing your balls in her mouth. "Suck."

She obeys, and you feel her lips envelop your balls. You take the moment to grope at her breasts as your cock becomes hard.

After Sarah has wetted your nuts for a little bit, you pull away and reposition your cock to enter her mouth. You start slow, and she grabs at the bedsheets as you enter her. Inch by inch you stretch out her throat and savor the soft choking coming from below you.

You grab at her breasts again, and now the real fun starts. You push into her faster and faster, rougher and rougher, as she begins to struggle beneath you, barely managing to keep herself together as your balls slap against her nose.

"Well!" You taunt, "You did tell me to use you!". She manages to elicit a muffled scream in response. As you piston in and out, you can see your cock inside her throat.

Sarah's neck is tighter than any pussy on earth, and luckily for her you cum quickly, jets of cum shooting deep into her throat. As soon as you let up, she immediately jumps away, choking and trying to catch her breath, her face covered in tears.

"Man that was fun, we should do that again sometimes!"

"Y-Y-Yeah..." she manages to choke out between sobs

Emma slowly walks in and shakily gets on her knees in front of you. She opens her mouth and takes your cock into it, softly sucking at it.

Suddenly her entire demeanor changes and she pulls away.

"I can't do it"

"Hm?"

"I can't handle this anymore. I know I'm going to lose this round, just fucking get it over with!" She cries as she bursts into tears.

You nod, then lead her back to the rest of the girls as she continues to sob.
You start slowly, a slight smack that elicits a whimper from Abby. Your cock hardens in Jessica's mouth, and she shows off her skills from the last round by flicking her tongue sensually up and down your shaft.

You spare no mercy for Abby, starting to hit her harder. She screams as red welts appear on her ass, music to your ears as your dick is expertly taken care of by Jessica.

You continue this for a while, Abby's screams fading into a consistent sob as she bites into a pillow. Jessica takes a few breaks, but is otherwise a trooper as she shows no signs of tiring despite bobbing up and down for quite a while.

"Why don't we change things up a bit"

"Yes please" Abby whimpers

"Ugh. How bout we give him a double blowjob?" Jessica suggests

"Anything sounds good to me" Abby responds, then gingerly gets off the bed.

On the one hand, two sets of mouths on your shaft is definitely better than one. You've never had your balls sucked at the same time as your cock, and the sensation lights up fireworks in your brain.

On the other hand, you have to stifle a laugh as Abby starts her pornstar moaning again.

Jessica seems to notice, and her face grows irritated.

"Jesus Christ you sound like a failed Brazzers audition! And you can't suck a dick to save your life! Go bury your face in his ass, maybe you will be useful that way!"

For a brief moment, it looks like a catfight is about to erupt at your feet, but Abby keeps her composure and circles around to your backside.

Obviously new to this, she steels herself before pushing forwards and shuddering. To her credit, she manages to stick her tongue inside your asshole while gagging only a few times.

Both girls in position, you begin to take control and grab both their heads, pushing them together. Jessica chokes on your cock while Abby gags in your ass. Jessica even has the thoughtfullness to begin playing with your balls, completing the sensation.

The intensity of the situation throws you over the edge and you cum violently into Jessica's mouth. You shudder, and your balls tighten as rope after rope of your load fill her mouth. As soon as you have a moment to think, you look down at Jessica and command: "Don't swallow. Share".

Jessica looks up at you, her mouth leaking your jizz. She is confused for a moment, then understands your meaning and goes to kiss Abby. They both awkwardly embrace and Jessica attempts to donate a large piece of your load into Abby's mouth. Quite a bit of it spills out onto both of their breasts.

"Ughh, she tastes like ass!" Jessica complains

"Yeah I wonder why that is. Now keep making out."

As the aftershocks of your orgasm fade, the two of them have an intense makeout session, the cum on their breasts sticking as their chests rub together, your white seed coating their mouths and spilling out as their lips embrace.

You send them off, their faces and chests coated in your seed, Abby's ass still recovering from the torture you put it through earlier.

Kelly and Sarah come in fully clothed, holding hands.

They put on a little show for you, making out and groping each other as they strip one another down to their birthday suits.

As soon as they are naked, their attention turns to you.

"Please lay down for us, Sir" Sarah coos.

You happily obey, and Sarah slides up to your dick while Kelly climbs on top of you and presses her breasts into your face.

"Why don't you fondle me a bit while Sarah takes care of your cock, huh?"

Your eager hands slide down her back to her ass and give it a nice squeeze before roaming the rest of her body. You take your sweet time taking in everything Kelly has to offer before they swap, Sarah mounting you while Kelly takes your dick into her mouth. You take in the smell of Sarah's skin and shampoo as Kelly takes care of your carnal lust by stroking your cock with her tongue.

The duo isn't done with their surprises as they shift positions again. This time, Sarah straddles your face while Kelly hops onto your dick. The two are facing each other, and though you can't see due to your position, you know that the two of them are making out.

You take the opportunity to stick your tongue inside Sarah's pussy while Kelly's pussy rides up and down your dick.

"We actually went down on each other before this to see who tasted better" Kelly brags.

You give her a thumbs up in approval, seeing as your mouth is a bit occupied. Kelly wasn't bluffing either, Sarah tastes fantastic as you probe her clit and vagina with your curious tongue.

"Let us know when you are about to cum, we have something special in store for you then."

You give her another thumbs up, then return your focus to Sarah. You continue this as long as possible, the moans of the two girls filling the room.

You are only human however, and you feel the pressure building inside you. You tap out and the girls hurriedly get off.

The position they take up is interesting, Sarah is on her hands and knees, presenting herself doggy style. Kelly is under her on her back, her face right under Sarah's cunt, almost as though they were sixty-nining.

"Cum inside my pussy", Sarah coos invitingly. You hop over and get on your own knees, pressing your cock into Sarah's beautiful backside. You realize the point of this position, as Kelly's head comes up and begins licking the undersides of your balls.

Seeing as you can't exactly thrust without messing up Kelly's sucking, Sarah takes the liberty for you and moves her hips back and forth, her vagina clamping tightly around your dick.

Seeing as you were almost over the edge already, Sarah and Kelly don't have to make you work hard for you to cum. You grunt in ectasy as your jizz explodes out of you, filling Sarah's womb immediately. Kelly is already prepared, and any excess drips straight into her waiting mouth. You pull out, and Kelly goes to town, eating out Sarah's cum filled pussy as she moans in ecstasy herself. Not a drop of your seed is wasted as it either dissapears down Sarah's vagina or Kelly's mouth.

As soon as Kelly is finished cleaning out Sarah's vagina, the both of them cuddle on the floor in exhaustion.

"Do you want to join us?" Kelly whispers, exhaustedly.

You take your place in the center of both of them. You are lying on your back, as these two beautiful babes wrap their arms around you, showering you with light kisses. Sarah cheekily takes your dick in her hand and strokes it softly.

You lay there for god knows how long. Who cares?