The Sapphire Eagles, Queen Lianee's elite forces, believed that they were taking on a regiment all but broken. They believed your forces harried and exhausted, cut off from re-supply and on the brink of desertion.

It took time, effort, and some well-paid double agents to set up the ruse, but it worked brilliantly. When the swordswomen started to make their charge, your cavalry swept over the hill and cut them off, annihilating their archers and rendering retreat impossible. Without cover or aid, the main force of the Sapphire Eagles soon found themselves crushed between your cavalry and pikemen who showed no signs of weariness or uncertainty.

From atop a precipice near the launching point of your decisive cavalry charge, you watched the inevitable victory of your forces from horseback.

Now your vanguard returns, and they have brought a prize with them.

She struggles and spits as your men press her forward, her wrists bound behind her back. Nearly six feet in height, the redheaded beauty appears bruised but still as fiery as her mane. She wears a leather jerkin and short skirt, with thigh-high leggings beneath. Her trim, athletic frame is belied by her generous breasts and broad, curving hips.

Furious green eyes look up at you. "Misogynist dog!" She snarls. "You lick-spittles of that thin-blooded King Ashanon may have won this day, but it will be ashes in your mouths soon enough! You'll see!"

A shove from behind topples her onto her knees. With a gasp, she barely manages to avoid spilling gracelessly onto her face.

You smirk. Your men would not have questioned what you choose to do with this woman before; after today's victory, they certainly will not do so now. The only question is how to use her.

"Bring her to the parade ground," you order. "We will make her an example of just how weak and powerless our enemies are."

At a slow walk, you lead your prisoner and the men who hold her through the camp. The singing and celebration brought on by your rout of the Sapphire Eagles is broken by murmurs and pointing as she makes her way. Though most of your men have fought the women many times before, it is rare for one of their leaders to be captured alive- let alone one so beautiful.

As word spreads of your intent, an increasing crowd follows your procession to the parade grounds. A series of disciplinary whipping posts stands at one end of the field; the crowd hangs back, thrumming, as your captive is dragged towards them.

Dismounting your horse, you hand his reins to one of your men, who leads the creature away. The others hold the redhead still, facing the onlookers as you turn to address them.

"This creature," you announce, your voice ringing across the parade ground, "was a commander in Lianee's army. A commander! And yet you see how easily we show the stories of their fiery Amazonian prowess to be nothing more than lies when we set our minds to it."

"So you will learn that even a commander in that high-aspiring wanton's army is nothing more than a woman- soft, and weak, and vulnerable, no matter what lofty titles they might think to assume. That she thinks herself a warrior, we will show her no mercy- but you will hear her cries and mewling soon enough!"

Turning back, you stride arrogantly towards the redhead. Her green eyes flare with defiance, but you can see how quickly she draws her breath, see how her pulse flickers at her throat.

You fill your hands with the soft leather of her jerkin, and rip the garment open. She snarls in fury and shame as you bare her breasts, trying uselessly to kick you. Your men roar in approval. Her skirt you tear apart; her leggings jerk down to her ankles, and her loincloth. You breathe hard as you strip her of clothing and dignity, feeling a rising lust as her lush body struggles helplessly against your intent.

Soon enough, it is done; you watch those full breasts rise and fall hard in the grip of your men, and cheers, hoots, and loud suggestions are coming in steadily from the crowd behind you. They like the show, your soldiers do; it's a vindication of all their struggles against their enemies.

Your eyes track to the whipping posts. How best to display her? It depends on what you intend to inflict upon the buxom morsel.



"Bind her facing us," you order.

Your men drag her to the post. She continues to thrash, hopelessly; her defiant curses go unheard by the rowdy throng behind you, cheering for your captive to be put in her place.

The rings attached to the post are set to tie her arms at both the wrists and around her shoulders; once secured to the unyielding post, like any person condemned to punishment, she is unable to twist or flinch away from her chastisement. Her bound posture thrusts out her proud, flaring bosom; tightens the skin across her rib cage and abdomen, and makes clear the neatly trimmed blaze of hair descending over her pubic mound.

"Behold!" You roar, mockingly. "The commander of Lianee's Sapphire Eagles!"

Her face blazes scarlet as an answering roar explodes behind you. Her gaze looks away, trying to deny the reality of her predicament.

Now...

You can feel the rage and the lust boiling through the crowd as you watch the redhead's supple body twisting and straining against the post. A smile crosses your lips. Yes... Why not be the extension of their will, and do what every man present would?

Quickly covering the few short steps to the post, you open your trousers, allowing your engorged anatomy to spring forth. Your captive's eyes widen, her chest swelling as she gasps, recognizing your intentions. She tries to kick out at you, but you easily catch her leg, your hand sliding down under her knee as you continue to advance on her.

She's done half your work for you. Reaching down, you seize her other leg, forcing her thighs apart. The redhead squeals as the loss of her footing drops her weight onto her arms; her breasts bounce nicely as her back arches.

"N-no. No!" She whispers. "Do not do this. You cannot. You must not!"

You press close, your cock rubbing against the heat of her sex, provoking a whimper from the woman as she struggles uselessly against her bonds.

"Here," you growl, "Your will means nothing. You are merely a woman who believed herself a warrior, and flesh ripe for conquest. And you shall be used!"

A short pause as you support her weight with a single arm, adjusting your positioning. Then, eyes locked on hers, you thrust into her pussy.

There is a moment's resistance inside of her; her eyes flutter, mouth dropping open in disbelief. You feel her hymen tear, and she screams. As her cry carries over, the approving roar of the crowd washes over both of you.

"A virgin!"

You call back to the onlookers as the initial explosion subsides, as tears begin to trickle down her cheeks.

"It would seem that Lianee's soldiers have much to learn about being a woman! Shall we teach them?"

Another cheer.

Against the post, her own weight impales her on you with every thrust, the solidness of her lithe, fit torso a satisfying resistance into which to pour your aggression and desire. Her cries and moans entice you to press her against the unforgiving post, to drive deeper into her heat and tightness, to hurt her, to demonstrate how completely you possess her and how utterly helpless is her position.

Her back arches as your cock pounds against her cervix, the entrance to her womb; a pained, breathless whimper exploding from her lungs, her belly hardening as a cramp surges through her torso. Feeling your climax rising, you set to attacking her fertile chamber, almost pulling free of her before slamming back against the unyielding knot that protects her uterus.

"GUNNHH-! UNGHHH! NO! NO! NO! NO! NOOOOO!"

Your hands curl around her buttocks, lifting her away from the post as you ravish her, hard and deep, your pulse pounding as you force the beauty to sate your lust. Her body twists and bucks, her soft flesh rippling, and you hear exclamations and gasps at the cruel eroticism of her body's use and display.

At long last, you reach your peak. Your hot semen explodes through her feminine channel, surge after surge as your hips flex, despoiling the virgin warrior. You hear her wail as her body goes slack in your grasp, feeling the evidence of your conquest flood her. As you release her body to drop back against the post, she gives out a bitter sob.

Turning back to the throng, you raise one fist like a prize-fighter. Their adulation washes over you.


The men who brought this lovely prize to you are some of your finest soldiers. It is only fair that they share in the bounty they so generously yielded to you.

"Comrades," You announce, addressing them, "You have marched for me through sun and rain, fought by my side through strife and calamity. I am most pleased with you this day, and with the spoils you have brought before us. The burdens I have asked you to bear, the commands to obey, have often been onerous; this one, I think, shall be more pleasant. Take up the gift you have so graciously tendered to my use, and show your fellows how we shall make use of such prizes as we wrest them from Queen Liyanee's control!"

Eagerly, the men surge forward to the whipping post as the redhead screams. Her scream descends into sobbing as one of the vanguard thrusts into her dripping sex.

Ever-disciplined, the others- twenty in all- quickly queue to take their turns, though they goad and encourage their brother to make quick use of the unfortunate woman. The use they make of her is fast and hard, slamming her back into the post, her lithe limbs jerking as they plunge themselves into her body.

After the first four men fuck her, one asks if they might cut her down from the post to make more efficient use of her body. You give a nod; she drops limply to the ground as they release her from her bondage.

Quickly she is lifted from the ground; one man climbs underneath her, parting her thighs to pierce upward into her quim. He wraps his arms about her waist, pulling her down as another man moves around behind her and begins to force his girth into her tight asshole.

At that, you see her apathy break; she screams again, writhing against the man beneath her, but he holds her fast. Staccato shrieks explode from her mouth as he punches his cock forward and drags it back, plunging farther between her buttocks each time, ruthlessly reaming her narrow rear passage apart to accommodate him.

When both men are fully embedded in the woman's body, they take up a rhythm that is as satisfying to them as it is devastating to the prisoner, lifting and pushing her before plunging back to the hilt into her pussy and ass. Her buttocks and breasts ripple with each devastating impact; even more so when the man behind her begins thrashing her flanks with an open palm, spurring her like a horse as he sodomizes her.

Some of the onlookers lose interest and wander away; many others continue to watch the show, some pressing closer for a better view. More than one can be seen openly masturbating, some while hoarsely bellowing encouragement and suggestions as the gang-rape continues.

Her cries become sobs, sobs descend to whimpers, then grunts. The man behind her pumps his semen into her guts, and another takes his place. There is more of a pause as the man beneath her climaxes, forcing the man behind her to lift her from the ground. Impressively, he continues to pump within her ass as he does so, bowing her body back as he holds her up by the thighs until the next man in the chain finds his position.

After the tenth man has made her accept his seed in her cunt, the vanguard collectively decides she is sufficiently malleable that they dare to make her take their cocks in her mouth. It proves a good bet; her defiance has been all but crushed. Even when they thrust deep and make her gag, fists holding her fiery hair as they press her head into their crotches until her face turns pink, she does not resist them, much less bite. Unfortunately for her, it is discovered that her gagging makes her lower orifices squeeze; the practice is soon encouraged by the men taking their turns inside her pussy and ass.

Twenty-one men use the redheaded beauty, flooding her pussy and ass beyond capacity, making her choke down their jizzum, spraying her face, her hair, her breasts, her back, her belly, her thighs, her hands and feet. You watch every thrust with cruel satisfaction.

In the end, she lies at your feet, a bruised, battered, fucked-out mess. But still a beauty, even with their pearlescent liquid slowly pouring from her angry, abraded holes; still a beauty, even with those once-fierce green eyes staring up into the uncaring sky like a wounded animal as she draws her staggered, aching breath.

"We've had reports of scouting parties crossing the river."

You nod, looking down at the map. "Then they're undoubtedly aware of our fortifications. We should send out a work party to clear away some of the forest near the canyon mouth; if they attempt an assault anyway, that's the obvious direction."

The vanguard's captain nods, beginning to circle the table. "Now, facing the cliff wall..."

He turns back with annoyance to the nude woman behind him, the one he leads with the chain attached to the collar around her throat.

"Did I say you could walk?"

The redhead flinches. Slowly, she descends to her hands and knees, continuing to follow at a crawl.

"...Facing the cliff wall, I'm thinking we could set up what appears to be a sub-camp, a fallback position. Then a small force atop the cliff would be enough to stage an ambush to harry anyone who thinks to cut off our retreat."

You smile in amusement, glancing down at the captain's pet. "How has your mascot been treating you?"

He looks at her sternly. "A few small lapses of discipline, nothing we can't handle. If she gets too unruly, we just gather five or six men to drag her back to the parade grounds and give her a little reminder."

"Hmm. Given what we're discussing, here, I think a reminder might be in order. It would be unfortunate if she were to think that she could escape."

He grins viciously, pulling her upright on her knees by the chain as he looks down at her.

"What do you think, precious? You need a reminder who that ass and cunt belong to? Do you?"

Her breasts rise and fall as she begins to whimper, tears coursing down her cheeks. She shakes her head desperately.

"Aw. Yes you do. Yes, you do."

"Let me know when you'll be disciplining her." You remark, looking down at the weeping woman. "I think I would like to watch that."