You arrive at Darren and Sharon’s place at around eight in the evening. The plan is for you and Darren to visit a nearby strip club for a bit of lap-grindage. You’ve been looking forward to it all week. There’s nothing more fun than blowing a stack of cash in the desperate hope that some sympathetic stripper might let you touch her boobs.

You knock at the door and your heart skips a beat when Debbie opens it. You weren’t expecting to see her. You’ve been guilty of thinking about Debbie in an inappropriate manner on numerous occasions, usually just before impregnating a wad of Kleenex.

“Hi Bruce!” she says cheerfully, stepping back to let you inside. “Ready for your night of debauchery?”

“Uh, yeah…” you begin, before trailing off awkwardly. You suddenly feel a bit cheap. For some reason you don’t like the idea that Debbie knows about where you’re going. “It’s nice to see you — I didn’t expect…”

“I’m keeping Sharon company while you guys are out,” she replies. You follow her down the hallway and note that she seems a little unsteady on her feet. Then she stumbles and you catch her by the elbow.

“Sorry…” she giggles. “I might be a little bit tipsy…”

You find Darren in the living room and greet him with your customary fist-bump. His wife Sharon can be heard distantly singing in the kitchen.

“The girls have been making cocktails,” he explains, almost apologetically.

Debbie plonks herself down in the couch. “These two have enough booze to make almost everything in the cocktail book. We’re working our way through from the beginning.”

“Well, we had enough booze…” says Darren grumpily.

Sharon appears in the doorway, brandishing margharitas in both hands. “Hey there Bruce. All set to corrupt my husband by taking him to your sleazy club?”

It seems Darren hasn’t been completely honest with Sharon. He’s actually the one who always wants to see the strippers. You don’t know why, when his wife is as attractive as Sharon.

“Here, you guys can have these,” says Sharon, handing you and Darren the margharitas. You thank her and take a sip. It’s strong.

You hang around and make chit chat for fifteen minutes. You’d like to stay longer, but Darren is eager to get going. You both say your goodbyes and head for the door. But you’ve barely taken three steps outside when suddenly the heavens open and torrential rain starts bucketing down.

You cower with Darren in the doorway, waiting for the rain to abet. Instead it just gets heavier and heavier. Flashes of lightning illuminate your disappointed faces.

“I’m fucked if I’m going out in that,” says Darren, and you are forced to agree. You head back inside.

Sharon and Debbie are dancing to music on the radio in the uninhibited way that only completely drunk women can.

“Hey Darren, back so soon?” asks Debbie cheekily.

“Didn’t bring an umbrella, Bruce?” asks Sharon, rubbing salt into the wound.

You both decide to ignore them. Darren turns to you. “Beer?”

You nod and he fetches a couple of brews from the fridge while you settle down on the couch. He joins you and you both sit there, watching the girls make idiots of themselves.

“Look at them, Debbie,” says Sharon as she dances around. “So sad that they don’t get to go out.”

“You can watch us instead,” teases Debbie. “We’re better than some skanky strippers, right Sharon?”

“It’s not exactly the same,” grumbles Darren.

Sharon throws herself down between you both on the couch. “No? Well, what do they do there anyway? Can’t I do the same for you, Darren?”

“I love you babe, but it’s exciting because they’re not you, you know?” replies Darren.

Sharon makes a face. “Well, how about Debbie gives you a dance, and I do Bruce?” 

Your heart leaps a little at the idea of Sharon “doing” you. Debbie isn’t the only girl in your circle that you’ve had lustful thoughts about. But Sharon is your buddy’s wife, which makes her even more forbidden than Debbie.

You and Darren exchange glances. He seems genuinely flustered. You know that he’s attracted to Debbie, probably even more than you are. You wonder if Sharon knows.

Nobody speaks, but Debbie silently mouths the words “What the fuck?” to Sharon.

Sharon climbs off the couch and kneels in front of Darren, her hands on his knees. “You’d like that wouldn’t you Darren? Debbie giving you a special dance? I know you lust after her!”

Darren tries to speak but can only gurgle under the combined gaze of Sharon and Debbie. You try but fail to stifle an amused snort.

“And you!” says Sharon, turning on you. “I know you want her as well! You’d both like to shag her!”

“Sharon, I think you might have had a bit too much to drink…” ventures Debbie.

“Don’t act so innocent, little Miss Debbie. You’re always flashing your cleavage at these two. You love teasing them. So how about teasing them a bit more?” says Sharon. She shuffles over to you and runs her hand up your leg to your crotch, before giving your semi-hard cock a squeeze. “Look, Bruce’s getting hard already!”

You flinch. Things just got real!

Debbie licks her lips and deliberates for a moment. “Okay, sure” she finally said, shrugging her shoulders. “Let’s give them a show! Okay Darren?”

Darren is momentarily speechless. The idea of his wife giving you a sexy dance can’t sit well with him, but on the other hand he gets to enjoy the same from Debbie. Eventually he nods his assent.

“Right then” says Sharon. “You two sit on the couch there. Hands by your sides, legs apart. That’s it.”

She turns up the stereo and starts gyrating. After a small hesitation, Debbie joins her.

You and Darren just stare as Debbie and Sharon dance around drunkenly in front of you, bumping their hips and bottoms against each other and running their hands up and down their bodies and over their own breasts. Sharon then moves behind Debbie and places her hands on the other girl’s tummy, before sliding them up and cupping Debbie’s boobs. Debbie giggles and wiggles her bottom back against Sharon.

“Holy crap!” gasps Darren, watching his wife fondle the object of his repressed lust. Bulges are now visible in both your laps.

The girls break apart and Sharon moves to stand in front of you. Wiggling her hips, she pulls her black knee-length skirt up to her waist, exposing a pair of pink lacy panties. Then she turns, bends forward and wiggles her ass in your face. The pink material stretches tight across her round buttocks and rides up slightly between them. She then straightens and unzips the skirt, letting it fall to the floor. All eyes are on her as she unbuttons her blouse, revealing a matching pink push-up bra. Soon she’s standing before you in nothing but bra, panties and high heels. “Come on Debbie, your turn” she giggles.

Debbie pulls her t-shirt over her head, exposing a black bra crammed full of beautiful titty flesh. Then she unbuttons her jeans and wiggles out of them. Her black panties are high cut, making her legs look longer. Her shoes come off with her jeans.

You notice that Darren has moved his hand to his crotch. You doubt he realises it, so transfixed is he at the sexy vision in front of him.

Debbie and Sharon dance around some more. You and Darren exchange happy glances and make no effort to hide the tenting in your pants.

Finally Debbie says, “Well boys, did you enjoy that?”

You both nod furiously.

“Good” she says, then bends to pick up her discarded jeans.

“Hey, hang on a minute!” you blurt. “Is that it?”

Sharon half-smiles at you. “Yeah… why, what else do the strippers do?”

The girls clearly need some education as to what makes a good lap dance. “Well, for one thing, you’re supposed to get naked. And you’re supposed to get your butts into our laps.”

Debbie’s eyes widen. “Doesn’t that mean that the stripper can feel your hard-on?”

“Sure. The whole point of a good lap dance is that the girl finds your dick and rubs against it as much as she can.”

Sharon feigns shock. “Well — I never knew that! No wonder you boys enjoy going there. You dirty bastards!” Then she plonks her ass into your lap and flings an arm around your neck. Your dick prods her left butt cheek and she obligingly presses harder against it. “Is that better?”

“Oh yeah” you reply.

Debbie meanwhile has straddled Darren’s lap, both hands on the sofa on either side of his head. She lowers herself onto his bulge, pressing the crotch of her knickers against it, then starts moving her hips forward and back like they are fucking. Darren grabs her bottom and squeezes it as she thrusts against him.

“Hey, is touching allowed?” asks Sharon, watching her husband with wry amusement.

“Uh huh” you both reply in unison. You slide your hand up the inside of her leg and stroke her inner thigh, almost touching her pantied crotch. Your other hand grasps her shoulder and pulls her closer. 

Debbie grabs Darren’s head and pulls it into her cleavage while he continues to massage her ass. He groans, delirious with pleasure at finally being where he’s always wanted to be. Debbie strokes his hair as he nestles against her chest.

Sharon snuggles against you, watching Debbie and Darren cuddling on the couch beside you. Intoxicated by Sharon’s perfume, you nibble at her neck and earlobes. She shivers and shifts position on your lap, forcing your dick into a different alignment. This sends a surge of lust through your loins and you move your hand from Sharon’s thigh to her bra, pulling a cup down and grabbing the exposed tit. Her nipple is hard against your palm. Sharon doesn’t resist as you slide your hand over and pull down the other cup. Her breasts now stand out full and proud, supported underneath by the bra. Her swollen, puffy nipples are begging to be sucked.

“Naughty boy” whispers Sharon in your ear. “Do you like my breasts?”

“Oh yeah.”

“Do you want to suck them?” Sharon shifts her ass in your lap again, bringing her tits closer to your face.

“Uh huh,” you reply, bending forward in an attempt to suck her left nipple into your mouth. She twists away at the last minute.

“Hey Darren, do they normally let you suck the girl’s tits at those places?” asks Sharon.

Darren looks up and realises Sharon’s tits are exposed. Your eyes plead with him, but he obviously isn’t ready to see his wife getting her tits sucked by another man. “No way” he says, “You’re not even supposed to touch them.”

Bastard! But he soon gets his comeuppance.

“You know, that’s a real shame!” says Debbie, pulling his hands away from her butt. She leans back from Darren and reaches behind her, arching her back. In seconds, the moment you and Darren have both dreamed of has arrived. Debbie shrugs off the bra and her beautiful tits swing free. They are magnificent.

“Now Darren,” says Debbie cheekily, “Remember — no touching and definitely no sucking!” She leans forward and sways her shoulders, slapping Darren’s face with one tit, then the other. She then grabs her breasts in both hands and squeezes his face between them, before rubbing his nose with each stiff nipple. His hands find their way to her waist, and she lets him keep them there.

You watch with Sharon as Debbie repeatedly assaults Darren with her tits. “She has beautiful breasts, doesn’t she?” breathes Sharon into your ear. She nibbles your lobe, then whispers quietly so Debbie and Darren can’t hear: “I bet you’d like to suck her nipples, wouldn’t you?” She shifts in your lap and her hand grasps your dick through your pants. “Bet you’d like to stick this between Debbie’s tits, wouldn’t you Bruce? You’d like to fuck Debbie’s tits and cum all over them!”

Sharon’s dirty talk and stick-shifting has you extremely flustered but you manage to whisper back “Only after fucking you first, Sharon.”

Sharon smiles. “Oh, that’s so sweet!” She changes her position so that she’s straddling your lap like Debbie is doing to Darren. Her panty-covered pussy presses down hard on your dick and she starts rocking back and forth. “Would you like to do me like this? We’re almost fucking now!”

You put your hands on Sharon’s lovely round buttocks and squeeze their jiggly flesh through her pink lacy panties as she dry-humps you. Every now and then she raises herself up and rubs your face with her tits before plonking herself back down on your lap. A glance over at Darren reveals that his hands have returned to Debbie’s pantied bottom as she rides him in the same manner.

You decide to go a step further and yank Sharon’s panties up her ass, using them like reins. You can see her round butt cheeks reflected in the mirror on the other side of the room. 

On the other end of the couch, Debbie climbs off Darren and stands before him, gently gyrating to the music. She cups and squeezes her breasts. “My tits feel so nice, don’t they Darren?” she murmur. Then she slides her hand into the front of her panties. “My pussy feels nice too!”

Again, Debbie is the centre of attention. Both hands are now in her knickers, which makes her arms squeeze her tits together all delicious and bulgy. The little slut is clearly pretending to masturbate in front of Darren, in full view of his wife and your own good self. This doesn’t seem to bother Sharon — in fact her grinding against your cock becomes harder and faster.

Debbie pulls her panties up between her legs, showing Darren a pronounced camel-toe. Then she turns away from him, hooks her thumbs into the waist of her panties and pulls them down over her sexy round bottom. After kicking her underwear free, she dumps that same bottom onto Darren’s lap and starts grinding with renewed fervour.

“Oh Debbie” groans Darren.

“Jesus Christ” you mutter.

Sharon sees your eyes bugging out at the sight of Debbie’s sexy derriere. She turns your head back to face her. “Remember me?” she asks with a smirk. “Could you undo my bra please, it’s pinching.”

You unclip Sharon’s bra and it falls free. Her already-exposed tits sag a little when the support is removed, but not by much. Sharon then shifts around in your lap again so that she is sitting sideways, facing the action on the couch beside you. She twists her hip up and tugs her panties down over it. “Could you help me with this?”

You pull down Sharon’s knickers as she wriggles her hips. You take a quick breath when it becomes apparent both that the gusset is stuck in her slit, and that she is completely bald down there. Another few tugs and her panties are down past her knees, enabling her to draw up her calves and then flick them off. She settles back on your lap, facing Debbie and Darren, one knee against the back of the couch, the other spread wide.

Sharon’s pussy is a definite ‘innie’. Her pudenda are deliciously plump and her inner lips are barely visible, hidden deep in her slit. Her clitoral hood peeks shyly out at the top. She has obviously waxed very recently as there is no hint of stubble to be seen.

Debbie pauses from her grinding to look over at you and her eyes widen as she realises that Sharon’s hairless pussy is on full display. “Sharon, you’re so dirty! Did Darren make you wax it all off?”

“I just like feeling smooth” replies Sharon, running her hand over her pussy and inner thighs. “Feel this, Bruce.” She grabs your hand and places it between her legs, making you rub your palm back and forth over her pussy and bald mound. 

“It’s smooth”, you croak, feeling the heat of Sharon’s cunt against your palm and trying to avoid looking at Darren as you feel up his wife.

“Let’s compare” says Debbie, then swivels herself around in Darren’s lap into a mirror-image of Sharon’s position. The two women adjust themselves so that they face each other, pussies barely a foot apart, legs entwined.

You and Darren drink in every detail of Debbie’s freshly revealed cunt. It isn’t so much of an innie as Sharon’s. The delicate pink inner lips poke slightly out between the smooth, hairless outer ones. Her little hood protrudes further than Sharon’s too. And unlike Sharon, there is a neatly trimmed patch of hair decorating her pubic bone.

“I just shave a little to keep it neat” says Debbie, running a finger from the base of her buttocks, along her slit and up into her fur. “How’s it feel, Bruce?”

You swallow and stretch out a hand. Debbie bites her lip as you feel around between her legs. Your fingers brush against her cunt lips, flicking them from side to side.

“Very nice.”

Darren sneaks his hands up Debbie’s sides and cups her breasts in his hands while you rub her pussy. He and Sharon exchange a glance, and evidently permission is granted to go further, because he then starts squeezing Debbie’s tits harder and flicking her nipples.

Debbie moans quietly and shuts her eyes. She looks so beautiful laid out naked before you, tits bulging in Darren’s hands, while you stroke her pussy and inner thighs.

Probably feeling neglected, Sharon starts fingering her own cunt. You take pity and return your hand to roam around her hips, tummy and plump pussy. Seeing an opening, Darren slides a hand down between Debbie’s legs and starts rubbing where you left off.

“You’ve wanted her for so long, haven’t you Darren?” asks Sharon dreamily.

“You know I have,” he replies.

“Really Darren?” asks Debbie, opening her eyes. “You’ve lusted after me all this time?”

“For as long as I’ve known you” says Darren, squeezing her clitoral hood between two fingers.

“And Bruce too” chirps Sharon. “He wants to fuck you!”

“Is that true Bruce? Do you want to fuck me?” Debbie asks coyly. It’s amazing that she manages to sound so innocent while her tits and pussy are being groped, but she pulls it off.

You just nod. Debbie smiles, then mouths the word “Okay”, making sure Darren doesn’t see. Sharon does, however.

“But no-one is shagging anyone tonight, right?” says Sharon firmly.

You all agree — Darren probably only so that there is no chance you’ll end up fucking his wife. With that understanding in place, it now feels safer to go further.

You and Darren now have your fingers deep inside the pussies of your respective girls in a not-so-subtle effort to bring them to orgasm. You are also trying to suck as much of Sharon’s tit into your mouth as you can, and Darren is devouring Debbie’s gorgeous globes in a similar way.

You make sure to grind your palm against Sharon’s clit as you pump your fingers in and out, and it is having the desired effect. Squelchy sounds are soon emanating from her tight tunnel. Sharon’s breathing becomes quick and ragged, then she tenses up and moans softly as her cunt muscles squeeze down on your fingers. “Ohhhhhhhh…” she moans, grabbing your cock through your pants as she twitches and jerks on your lap.

When her orgasm subsides you both direct your attention to Darren’s efforts with Debbie. He is using more of a brute-force approach, jabbing his fingers in and out of her delicate cunt, each thrust sending ripples through her breasts and forcing little grunts from her pretty mouth.

“Hey honey, be gentle with her!” laughs Sharon.

“I… like… it… hard…” pants Debbie in response. 

You hear the sound of a zipper undoing, then realise it is yours. Sharon works your erect cock out of your pants and starts slowly jerking it as you watch Debbie get finger-fucked.

Sharon whispers in your ear. “I’ve wanted you for a long time Bruce. I want this big dick inside me. It’s not happening tonight, but it’s still going to happen.” This causes your cock to twitch and become instantly harder in her grasp. Your knob is wet with precum. She smears it around with her thumb, then continues jacking you off.

Debbie’s eyes latch on to your cock, and evidently the sight of your big hard dick is enough to push her over the brink. Squeezing Darren’s hand tight between her thighs she repeatedly jerks her hips off his lap in a violent motion and cries “Oh fuck I’m cumming!” before falling back and letting her legs fall wide apart. Darren’s fingers, glistening with Debbie’s juices, keep pumping and rubbing against her clit until her spasms subside.

Darren then pulls his fingers free of Debbie’s cunt and brazenly shoves them into her panting mouth for her to suck clean. “Darren! That’s Debbie, not some filthy slut you picked up off the street!” admonishes Sharon. That doesn’t stop Debbie sucking her pussy juice from Darren’s fingers though. She obviously has a “filthy slut” side to her personality!

After Debbie recovers she nestles next to Darren and works his dick out of his pants. Not as big as yours, but still something to work with. She and Sharon match rhythms as you and Darren lean back. You exchanged happy glances with him. Darren’s misgivings about Sharon and you have obviously evaporated now that he is getting the full treatment from Debbie. You find yourself envying him, even as his not-unattractive wife jacks you off.

For a while it looks like hand-jobs are is how the evening will end, and you have no complaints about that, considering the meagre offerings at the strip club.

“Do the strippers go this far, Bruce?” asks Sharon as she continues to beat your meat.

“Only on Thursdays,” you lie.

“Hey, I’ve got an idea,” says Debbie, releasing Darren’s cock from her grasp. “Let’s play a game!”

“What kind of game?” groans Darren in frustration.

“Okay, how about the loser is the guy who cums first…” begins Debbie, then pauses.

“Yeah, and…?” you prompt.

“…and I fuck the winner!” she finishes.

Obviously you and Darren have no objections, but Sharon looks annoyed. It was she who had proposed the no-shagging rule earlier. You can’t blame her for not wanting to see her husband with another woman. Or maybe, just maybe, she wants to keep you all for herself…

“Let’s go!” says Debbie eagerly, either oblivious to Sharon’s reluctance, or simply ignoring it. She resumes wanking Darren, picking up the pace. Sharon sighs and starts pumping you faster in response.

“Not fair” you groan. “Sharon had a head start on me!”

“Let’s even it up then!” giggles Debbie, then quickly slides down between Darren’s knees, flicks her hair to one side, and engulfs his knob with her pretty mouth.

Darren’s eyes glaze over as Debbie’s head bobs up and down in his lap. The room is full of the sound of wet slurping as she slobbers all over his knob while stroking his shaft. Occasionally she licks down to his balls, before plunging his cock back into her throat.

“Fine,” mutters Sharon, then slides down between your knees. You look down at her pretty face peering up from your lap and she mouths the words “Don’t cum first!” at you. Then your cock slides between her lips and into a mouth that feels like warm melted butter. Her tongue and hot breath do amazing things to your knob and your whole body tenses up. “Oh Sharon, you’re fucking amazing” you groan.

It’s too erotic looking at the girl in your lap so you avert your eyes and try to think of something — anything — that will make you last longer. But you find yourself looking at Debbie with her mouth full of cock, and the sight of her being so slutty brings you almost to the edge…

Darren is now forcibly thrusting into Debbie’s mouth. “Suck it, suck it Debbie you little slut!” he cries.

It’s too much! You can’t hold back any longer. You hold Sharon by the back of her head and her cheeks bulge as spurt after spurt of your warm cum fills her mouth… 

Sharon gulps several times to swallow your load. You glance over at Darren and Debbie. They haven’t noticed anything yet. You look down at Sharon, her face still stuffed with your cock, and the two of you come to an unspoken agreement.

Sharon resumes bobbing her head up and down in your lap, bathing your cock with her tongue and swallowing all remaining traces of your ejaculate. Your cock, slightly softened after cumming, is back at full hardness after thirty seconds of this treatment. Debbie and Darren are none the wiser.

Darren is panting now and Debbie is working very hard to bring him off. Could it be that she really wants Darren to lose so that she can fuck you instead? That would certainly make things less awkward between her and Sharon in the future.

Darren starts thrusting his hips, desperate to get as much of his cock into Debbie’s mouth as he can. She looks up at him sexily, trying not to gag as his knob pounds the back of her throat. Darren’s eyes bug out, he tenses up, grabs Debbie by the ears and groans “Oh crap, here it comes…”

Debbie gulps and gurgles as Darren fills her mouth up with sperm and she struggles to swallow it all. Squirt after squirt disappears down her throat as Darren thrusts his spurting cock deeper and deeper into her mouth. Amazingly she swallows every drop. Then she releases his dick with a wet-sounding ‘pop’ and pumps it to force out a dribble of cum, which she licks off his knob with her gooey tongue.

Sharon stops sucking you. “It looks like Bruce is the winner!” she proclaims.

You inspect your cock for any evidence that you came first. It’s a bit redder than before, but otherwise Sharon has done a very good job of cleaning you up. And you are just as hard as ever.

“Congrats, dude,” says Darren grudgingly.

“Ready for your prize?” asks Debbie, wiping her mouth as she gets to her feet.

“Fuck yeah!”

Sharon gives you a wink as she moves out of the way. Debbie climbs astride you and settles her ass down in your lap. Her pussy presses your shaft down against your stomach and she slides it back and forth along you, her cunt lips parting as she presses down hard. She coats your full length with her wetness as she humps her sopping groove against you.

You wrap your arms around her, delighting in the feel of her body against you, your second girl for the night. Normally your budget doesn’t stretch to two strippers! You squeeze her bottom with both hands and her hard nipples graze your chest. But you don’t kiss her — she’s still got Darren’s cum on her breath.

“Well, get on with it then!” says Sharon. You recognize a little irritation her voice and you know it’s because she’d rather be the one fucking you. But Debbie and Darren don’t seem to pick up on that.

“Yeah, give it to her,” says Darren. The lack of enthusiasm in his voice is more evident. You know he’d rather be fucking Debbie himself. But she just sucked him off, so he should count his blessings and be grateful his wife let it happen.

“Shall we do it, Bruce? Wanna fuck me?” teases Debbie. You don’t answer, instead you reach between you and grab your dick. She raises herself up and your knob slides over her clit and into her cleft. Further down it slips, then your knob finds the entrance to nirvana. She sinks down on you with all her weight and your dick plunges inside her.

Debbie starts humping her hips up and down. It’s an amazing feeling. Her pussy is tight and hot, gripping on your cock like a vice as it engulfs the length of your prick. You cup her breasts and her fingers interlock with yours. Together you stroke and squeeze her tits, tweaking her nipples, twisting and flicking them with the ends of your fingers.

Sharon sits next to her husband on the other end of the couch and they settle back to watch the action. Darren is toying idly with his flaccid dick, probably trying to ogle Debbie while blotting you out of the picture, and Sharon is gently fingering herself, most likely imagining herself in Debbie’s place.

You and Debbie are moaning with pleasure. You love the feel of her velvety snatch around your cock as it plunges into her again and again. She is as glorious as you have always imagined, her pussy tight and sucking, the friction of her tight cunt-walls around your prick pure heaven, pulling you inside of her.

Debbie takes you by the wrists, removing your hands from her breasts and holding them above your head. She uses you as an anchor as she moves her crotch erotically up and down, gently rising and falling, her cunt sliding up and down your cock, which is glistening with her juices. The hard, aching nubbins of her nipples feel wonderful as they dig into your chest.

“Fuck… me…. fuck…. me….” she pants. A somewhat superfluous instruction.

Debbie’s breasts push up and down more against you as she begins working her hips faster, her cunt slapping against the base of your dick with each downstroke. She pauses to gyrate her hips in small circles, your cock buried as deep as it will go. Then she continues pumping, harder and faster now. If you hadn’t cum earlier, you would have blown your load by now.

You glance over at Darren and Sharon. Their hands have swapped places. Now Sharon has her fingers wrapped around her husband’s cock, and he’s stroking her swollen, protruding clit. 

Debbie lifts her ass up higher and higher, slamming back onto your lap, grinding firmly into your crotch to get more penetration, applying weight and pressure, driving you both wild. She rises higher up your cock each time, slamming her cunt down over and over, grinding again, then lifting back up. Her cunt lips are pulled loose by the thickness of your cock, and get stuffed back inside her when she drops back down.

“Oh yes Bruce! Yes! Yesssssssss!” hisses Debbie, throwing her head back, slamming her cunt down and cramming every last inch of your cock inside of her. She cums hard, her juices spraying out between the two of you, most of it initially held inside of her by your cock as she grinds herself down on you. But when she lifts herself up, her juices are released and flood down your thighs and ass cheeks to the couch beneath.

You groan and slam your hips up, your crotches mashing together as you feel yourself cum, shot after shot of sperm directed deep up into her belly. Debbie squeals with delight and grinds her cunt down hard as you continue pushing your own hips up, your crotches mashing together, humping hard and fast as you both spiral down from your orgasms.

Finally your panting, sweaty bodies relax and Debbie falls on you, her tits pressing firmly against your chest, her face falling into the crook of your shoulder, legs spread wide on either side of your hips, your overspent cock slowly softening inside of her cunt.

You look over at Darren and Sharon. “Wow dude, that was fucking spectacular,” he admits. Sharon nods her head in agreement. She’s playing with his gooey limp dick, her hand glistening with his second sticky load of the night.

Debbie kisses your cheek and climbs off, then goes off with Sharon to the bathroom to get cleaned up. You and Darren stuff your cocks back in your pants and try unsuccessfully to make small talk.

The girls come back. There’s some awkward TV watching, during which you sense it’s time to probably time to leave. Debbie is way too drunk to drive so you offer her a lift home.

Sharon sees you off at the door. She leans in and kisses you on the cheek, whispering “Remember, you and me — it’s going to happen!”

With that happy thought planted in your head you drive Debbie back to her house. On the way her head falls into your lap. You’re not sure you can perform again so quickly but it turns out not to matter — she’s asleep. 