The year is 1956. Unlike the world we know today, in this universe the Axis Powers won. You are an agent of The Uprising, the last remnants of the Allied resistance. The world is much different from the one reality knows. As Germany won the Great world war of 1945, The USA is now split in two. One half is occupied by the Japanese and the other by the Germans. You are Currently on a mission in Japanese occupied territory. The Uprising has set you up with ID cards and housing, to make you blend in. Your mission is to find the japanese blueprints, and bring them to HQ.

You walk down a street, which looks like any other. But then you notice something odd... there are no people in sight!

"Dammit" you mutter to yourself "it must be past curfew" You continue walking until you reach your destination. A large building, surrounded by barbed wire fences. There is a guard tower at the top of the fence, but it's not manned 24/7.

You recon the area.

You decide its best to find the patterns of the guards, before heading inside. for the next several days, you head out at various times, and make notes on when the guard changes occur.

But something seems off.... you've been noticing less and less japanese troops.

Finally, three days after your arrival, you see something you were dreading. No more japanese at all. The guards have been replaced with Germans...

"This can only mean one thing" you think to yourself "The Japs are planning something big. They've taken all their troops out of the area so they can concentrate on one big attack"

"But what's the target" Your thoughts are cut short by a patrol of 3 german troops armed with M9 semi automatic rifles. You quickly hide behind a corner.

You peek around the corner and see that they aren't in a hurry, and are casually walking along.

You wait for the Patrol to pass by, and make a list of possible actions.

You decide to wait for the patrols to pass, then make a list of possible actions.

The patrols pass by, and you start thinking of what to do.

"The Japs could be heading to put down the US rebellion for good. They may be planning to invade Canada, or even launch an attack on the UK. Or maybe..."

"Maybe even all at once." the thought gives you goosebumps. You decide you'll have to warn HQ before theres no one to report back to.

You start heading back to the drop point.

"Once I get back, I'm gonna get some rest, because tomorrow I'm heading out again. Hopefully not alone this time." You mumble to yourself.

"It could be worse." You remind yourself, as you hear the sound of heavy machine-gun fire coming from the east.

You remember seeing a squad of Japs drive through a secluded area in that direction. You decide to ignore it and continue towards the drop point.

You keep going for at least 2 hours, before you start to hear the familiar sound of gunfire. This time its much louder and faster.

You hide in a nearby ditch and work out how close the gunfire is.

You quickly hide in the closest ditch and try to listen to the gunfire. After a few moments you come to the conclusion that the gunfire is coming from the east, and is getting closer. "This could be bad"

You continue moving towards the drop point which is just around the corner, and scout to the east to make sure the gunmen, aren't there. Thankfully, you don't see any.

You continue heading towards the drop point. The gunfire continues, but thankfully heads off in a different direction. You breathe a sigh of relief, and continue on your way.

As you arrive at the drop point and se Colonel anderson waiting for you.

"Welcome back, did you find the japs?" he asks.

You quickly explain what you found.

"Alright agent" the Colonel says, and continues "Lets get you to the neutral zone". The neutral zone is located right between the borders of the German and Japanese occupied territories and also the location of The Uprising Headquarters. The area was nuked by the japaneese and is still highly radioactive so its perfect for the Uprising as neither the germans or the japs want it.

As you and the Colonel arrives at the HQ, you ask for permission to go back to your living quarters in the "Rising Sun", Thats what they call the Japanese occupied territory. You are permitted, so you head back.

Chapter 3: The Rising Sun Rises.

You arrive at your house in the Rising Sun and head to your room. You quickly drink some water and take a "nap" The nap lasts about 2 hours, and you wake up suddenly

"Shit they're here!" You think as you jump up and make sure your gun is loaded.

You hear a loud banging on the front door "Ji! Ji! (Open up!)"

You say "Coming!"

You pick up your MA-6 and head to the door.

You put your eye up to the peephole, and see a line of Japaneze soldiers armed with machine guns standing outside your door.

You know the Japanese soldiers to be harsh, unjust and unrelenting. You see 6 of them, and decide there's no possible way that you'll survive an exchange of fire, the odds are simply against you. Quickly you find and IED that you had made a few days ago. You stick it on the door activate it, and rush towards the window"

"Here I go!" you think as you jump through the window.

The soldiers are engulfed by the explosion, and they aren't the only ones. Your house is heavily damaged, roof and walls destroyed. You hit the ground quite awkwardly and bust your arm in the proccess. Dazed, you hear sirens blaring.

"I must get away" you think and stumble off into the sewers, thats the only place they wont look.

You spend the next few hours creeping through the sewers, only stopping whenever you hear a noise.

After a decent amount of time has passed, you crawl up a ladder towards a closed manhole. You climb through it to see a young woman with a notepad staring at you. You didnt notice her at first, but the moment she saw you, she screamed and backed away in fear.

"Wh...what are you doing here?"

"Sorry mam! i didn't mean to scare you" you say as you inspect the woman. She had long blonde hair and green eyes, her clothing was reminiscent of that worn by the French during the 1800's and you wonder what an aryan looking woman is doing in the Rising Sun.

"Are you a reporter?"

The woman nods in confusion as to what you were doing in the sewer. You think quickly and come up with a story

You say "Sorry i'm Jim, i'm looking for my nephew. He went down into the sewers just a couple hours ago, and i've been searching for him since."

With that the womans eyes widen "Oh my! you must be uncle jim, my name is Kate!"

Jim? who the hell is Jim?

You say "Sorry i think you've got the wrong guy"

"Oh no! your wearing a purple top!" Kate says in surprise. Purple was a color you disliked, but as soon as Kate mentioned it you looked down and sure enough, the top half of your body was purple.

"Weird" you think to yourself i hate purple. As you stand there pondering why you're wearing purple, Kate says "I Need to get back to the office, I'll see you round uncle jim!"

With those words she rushes off into the distance.

"That was close" you mutter, she almost exposed me.

After she's out of view you head towards the nearest train station.

You need to get to the neutral zone, before anyone can identify you and ask questions about the explosion in your house last night.

You steal a cart from some unsuspecting old lady at the train station and quickly rush towards the neutral zone.

"I hope no one saw me steal this" you think to yourself as you hurry onto the train.

You sit down in an empty train carriage, and try to look as anonymous as you've learned to. After a couple of stops, you learn that one more stop remains until you reach the neutral zone.

"Just one more stop" you think to yourself. You feel like the doors would never close, but eventually they do.

Just as they do, you see a squad of police officers enter the carriage. They're scanning the crowd for somebody, you just don't know who.

"They're gonna find me. Fuck! Can this day get any worse"  You think to yourself. You look around the carriage, and find that you're sitting right in front of the emergency exit.

You quickly think up a plan to crawl onto the side of the train, while the police officers scan your carriage. It's risky, but your only hope. You crawl out of your seat and onto the side of the train. You dangle there on the outside of the train, praying that your fingers wont slip.

"I can do this!" You think to yourself as the train speeds along the tracks. You look over at the next carriage, and notice that there is a bag on one of the seats.

Although you can't see it clearly, you notice that the bag is Red and yellow. The colours of the German SS Corps.

"It's the fucking hitler youths!" You whisper to yourself, as you see two of the germans get out of their seats to investigate the noise.

The Police officer's walk into the carriage upon which you are hanging by your fingertips. They look under the seats, and in between them. Then carry on into the next carriage, as you climb inside again, into the same carriage as the bag.

You notice that there is one more officer left in the carriage, and he's heading straight for you. He notices you, as you try to back away.

"HALT" he exclaims, as you pick up the bag, and in your best german tell him that you will blow up the train if he does not stop at once. He stares at you in shock and surprise, as you walk past him and into the next carriage.

It worked! Thank fuck.

You move further up towards the 1. class carriage. "i really hope this train comes to a stop soon" you think to yourself, as you enter the 1st class carriage.

You see a man wearing a nice suit, seemingly asleep. "This man looks about as anonymous as I can get"

you sit down next to the man and mimic him, closing your eyes and pretending to sleep.

About half an hour later, the train begins to slow down considerably, and you wake up.

"Ah, we have arrived" you think to yourself as you get out of your seat. You look around the carriage, and realize that there is no one else in here other than you and the sleeping man.

Shortly you wonder what this man's life is like, he's clearly with the elite, as he is riding 1. class, and wearing a suit. But, why is he the only one in the carriage? Why did the train slow down so much...

Suddenly it hits you.

"This man is the target. The German government's target!" You think to yourself as the train comes to a complete stop.

Quickly, you come to the conclusion that he might be useful for the Uprising, and make the decision to save him. You disguise him with

a Hat, Glasses and a large Coat so that the guards can't recognize him.

"They will kill you if you don't follow me at once" you say to the man " im with the Uprising and i'm going to do everything I can to save you"

"Verstehen sie ingles?" The man asks you in perfect English

"Yes, but it's better if we speak German, the guards get suspicious of people who speak English" You say as you open the door to the carriage.

The two of you enter a small room that is connected to the tracks. You see three guards waiting for you.

With an excruciatingly accurate accent you tell the germans, that the two of you just passed a sleeping man sitting by himself in the 2. carriage. The guards seem convinced, and head back to investigate.

They truly are the elite if they fell for that trick so easily.

"No time to waste, come with me sir!" You say to the man, as you continue to walk through the trainstation.

Your goal is to take the man to the Uprising's headquarters, an old underground mine located a few miles away from the tracks.

The man has loosened his tie and opened his shirt due to the heat.

"If we are stopped, you don't know me and act like you are going to work in one of the barracks" You tell him.

The man simply nods in agreement, looking very tired.

You arrive at the abandoned mine, enter it and walk down to the large room where the Uprising members are located.

You are greeted by The Colonel, the leader of the Uprising.

He is sitting in a chair with a pipe in his mouth, reading a newspaper.

"So, you decided to bring him here?"

"He's a VIP he was a primary target of the Germans"  You say in a serious tone "and they almost got him"

"Well Good work, we can make use of him." Replies the Colonel as he stands up from his chair.

The Colonel is a tall man, with dark brown hair and hazel eyes. He looks very kind when he smiles, but his serious persona seems a bit strict.

"I'll have a room made for him, and we'll get started on our next mission tomorrow."

You salute, and ask the secretary for sleeping quarters.

"Certainly, sir." She replies.

You return to the man who you brought here "Just make yourself comfortable, we'll get you a room ready soon." You tell him.

You say "So why were the Germans so determined to get you?"

You ask the man a question, as you both take a seat.

"Im a high profile escort" the man replies "I was chosen to get the plans of a secret weapon they are building. But i tried to destroy the blueprints when i saw the intentions of the weapon. I escaped by sheer luck, I was taken to an underground location, probably to be tortured and mindwashed. The entire place blew up a few minutes later, and i fled to the trainstation"

You notice the man's eyes trying to focus on something behind you.

"We'll talk later, you need to rest." You tell him as you guide him towards his room.

You lay down on your bed, after taking off you jacket and boots.

"I need sleep more than i need a mission report" You think to yourself as you close your eyes.

You are awoken by the secretary "A man named "Daniels" is looking for you sir!"

"Alright, let me grab my gear, i'll be out in a minute" you say as you stand up and get your boots on.

You head to the room the man is waiting in.

You say "Daniels i presume, what can i do you for?"

You approach the man, and sit down opposite him.

"We've found out some information on the whereabouts of the plans you were looking for." He replies quickly.

You say "Tell me more"

"We've tracked them down to a private museum, but we have no way of entering it."

You say "And you want me to find a way in?"

"Yes, we need you to sneak in there, find the plans, and get out as quickly as possible. This job requires a man of your... Abilities."

The man smiles at you.

You know he's referring to your extensive training, when you where a spy under the Great War. And your work with the Uprising.

He takes a piece of paper out of his pocket, and hands it to you.

"This is the address." He tells you as you read it.

"Münchenstrasse" you exclaim. "But thats inside German territory?"

The man nods in confirmations. "The museum is used to smuggle goods and information from and to Germany. It's very hard for us to track, since it changes location almost daily."

You say "A museum on wheels?"

He begins to explain.

"Not exactly, there is 267 private museums in the German occupied territory, and the shipments only arrive once at each, before changing to another one. Usually the location is not unclassified until the the goods are shipped. But we have solid intel that this is the one. We have tried to track the shipments, since they all carry different things, but we can't keep up with them. We need one important document containing the plans, and that's what you should look for."

"I'll do it" you tell Daniels, "but i will need gear and backup"

"You'll get some, and your team will be Jorg, William and John. They're good men."

You nod in confirmations. You'll need to plan out everything before you enter the museum.

"Gather the taskforce, and we'll discuss a plan"  you tell the man.

He salutes and leaves the room.

You have plans to make.

A few hours later your team is ready. Your plan is simple, split into two groups of 2.

One team enters through the chimney, and the others sing christmas carrolls at the front door. The group at the front door create a distraction for the guards, and the group inside, led by you, look for the documents.

You enter the house, and begin to climb down the chimney.

As you climb through the black sod, you can hear the second groups singing. You smirk to yourself, you can already see the shock and awe on the guards face when they hear this singing...

You arrive in the fireplace and jump out.

You look around to determine where the documents could be.

You find yourself in a hallway leading towards the main hall, with several rooms leading off to the sides. A grandfather clock stands against one wall.

You look at the map of the building.

The building is a large mansion with many rooms. The chimney you came down is located at the servants quarters, which are to the back and side of the mansion.

You look at the map for the masters quarters.

The master's quarters are located near the front. They contain a large bedroom, a bathroom, a study and a large walk in wardrobe.

You ask jorg to look around in the other rooms, as you make your way to the study.

You enter the study, and find a large oak desk with stacks of papers on it.

You search for a hidden place.

You find a small hole in the wall, which can only be opened by rotating a golden ring and pulling.

You see a statue of The Fuhrer and you notice that he's wearing something on his finger, it looks like a ring.

You pull the secret door open and see a spiral staircase.

You go down the stairs.

As you reach the bottom of the stairs you see a small room, with a large map on the wall. You've seen this map many times, it charts the location of all the concentration camps in occupied territory.

"Discusting" you think to yourself.

On the other side of the room there's a large table, covered with many different items. Some of them you recognize, others you do not.

You look through the items you do not recognize.

These items you do not recognize, they appear to be medical tools. Including a metal tray of instruments including forceps, scissors, scalpels and needles.

It dawns on you that this has been used as a torture cellar, it sickens you.

Jorg appears at the bottom of the stairs.

"Quick, we need to get out of here before they come back!" he says.

You say "Just give me 2 minutes! i know the plans are in here"

"We don't have time! The documents might be anywhere in here, theres rooms we haven't even searched!"

"2 minutes!"

You begin to rummage quickly through the many piles of papers.

Then, you find it. A single piece of paper, with the unmistakable mark of The Fuhrer's handwriting on it. A list of potential Uprising safehouses in Norway.

"Found it! Come on!" you say to Jorg.

You and Jorg run back up the stairs, and towards the chimney.

You climb up the chimney just as you hear the front door unlocked.

"we made it" Jorg pants.

"Quick, through the fireplace" you say, as Jorg climbs in.

You climb in and fall into the snow on the other side. You both rush towards the forest nearby.

Then you hear a loud whistling noise, and an explosion. Jorg is sent flying into the air, and  a shower of blood and gore land around you, and you feel a sharp pain in your left side.

You look down to see a bloody wound, you've been hit by shrapnel.

You crawl away from the house, and hide in the woods. You press down on the wound, and a mixture of blood and snow stain your hands red, you've had plenty of medical training at The Uprising, so you quickly make your way through your mental check list of what to do to stop the bleeding and prevent shock.

"You can't give up, you have a mission to do!" you say to yourself, and stand up.

You limp into the woods, leaving a trail of blood. You can see a town off in the distance, and head towards it.

You knock on the first door you find and a woman answers the door "Please, im dying.. I need help!" you say.

You are led inside and the woman frets over you, cutting away your clothing to examine the wound.

"You're lucky. The shrapnel missed your vital organs." she says.

"Can I use your phone? I need to call my comrades" you say.

"Sure, sure. Just sit tight, I'll get you some fresh clothes and find the doctor." she says.

She hands you the phone and you call The Colonel.

"This is The Colonel, to whom am I speaking?

You quickly explain who you are and what you've found out.

"We'll send a team over. They are to meet you outside the town in an hour and a half. Under no circumstances are they to enter the town before then, or they risk blowing your cover. We'll get you out of there. Now, find somewhere to hide until then. Don't go back to the house."

You hang up the phone and get out of the house.

"Hey, where are you going?!", the woman asks.

You say "Im sorry, i have to go. Thank's for patching me up"

"Alright, but please be careful", she says.

You walk away from the house and into the woods nearby. You find a large tree to hide behind, and wait patiently.

You play chess in your mind.

You find a large tree to hide behind, and test your mind. You are a good chess player, what strategy could you use here?

You decide to block the path of anyone following you using trees.

You wait for the team.

You see three people walking towards you, they are carrying machine guns.

"We're here to take you back", one of them says.

You say "What is the code word!"

"The code word? Uh... I forget it, sorry", he says.

You shoot the three men.

You blast two of them with ease, but the third runs away. You chase him into the town centre, and point your gun at him.

"Please! Don't kill me!" he begs.

You say "Who are you! why were you there to take me back? back to where!"

"We were told to take you back to the Uprising Headquarters! We're on your side!"

"Tell me, why did you leave the house before I gave the signal?

You say "Why didn't you know the code word!"

"I'm sorry, I'm new here. I'll do better next time."

The man looks at you, frightened.

"Please, don't kill me... I have a family to feed!"

"It's your fault two men are dead! do you know that! because of your ignorance two good men are dead!" You yell at the man

"I didn't know!"

"You didn't KNOW?!"

You look at the ground in frustration.

"I..." the man starts to say.

Suddenly, you feel a sharp pain in your stomach.

You put your hand to the pain. It's cold to the touch. You look down at your hand, its bloody from your wound. You never did see that doctor...

After only a few minutes, you fall to the ground. It's very dark where ever you have gone...

you pass out.

You wake up at a table. you sit up quickly, but feel a pain in your stomach. It's wrapped in bandages. You look around. You're in a military tent. The Colonel's standing over you.

"Ah, glad to see you're alive, Agent", he says.

"What happened?" you ask.

"You were wounded in the line of duty. You lost a lot of blood, but you're going to be fine now. We managed to patch you up."

You say "what about the team?"

"They're all dead. You're the only one who made it out of there."

"I saw two men run away from me", you say.

"We found them, they were dead too"

You say "The Plans! i found them"

"We have the plans, don't worry. you just concentrate on getting better."

You say "thanks sir"

"Don't mention it."

The man leaves. You rest for a little while, then try to get up. The wound in your stomach hurts a lot. You manage to stand, but you can't walk very well.

You decide to lay down again. You fall asleep, and wake up ten hours later. You feel a lot better. There's a doctor standing next to your bed.

You say "Hey Doc"

"Hello, soldier. I hear you're going to be fine."

You nod, and he begins to leave

"Hey, Doc?"

He turns to face you.

"What? Did you need something?"

"Can I go see the Colonel?"

The Doctor thinks for a moment.

"Sure, I don't see why not. It's visiting hours right now. Just follow the signs for reception. I have to go. I'm late for a lunch date. See you around, soldier.

You say "See ya, Doc"

You get up, and head out of the tent. You follow the signs to reception. There's a woman sitting at the front desk.

"Hi, can I help you?" she asks.

You say "Im here to see The Colonel"

She looks you up and down, and seems unimpressed.

"Do you have an appointment?" she asks in a bored voice.

"No."

"Then you can't see him.

You slap her and tell her of your rank and accomplishments.

You slap her. She's shocked. You tell her of your rank and accomplishments, she seems quite impressed.

You say "Now where's the Colonel!"

"He's at his office, down the hall, to the left. Third door on the right." She says it quite meekly.

You say "And if you ever question my orders again..."

"I won't."

You head down to the Colonel's office. When you get there, you see him arguing with someone in uniform. It's quite a spectacle.

"The new rifles are essential, Gregory!"

You say "Colonel, Can we have words"

You interrupt their discussion.

"Out of the question! We've been over this a million times! I need more men, not more weapons that they aren't trained to use! Look, you'll have all the men and weapons you need when we launch the assault on the city!"

Gregory goes pale.

"But sir, my agents have information that the Germans are preparing an attack on The Uprising! we can't just stand idly by"

Now the Colonel goes pale.

"When?" he asks, his voice quivering.

"Within the week."

The Colonel looks like he's going to have a heart attack. The circumstances are tense.

You say "we'll have to evacuate, sir. It's the only way The Uprising will survive"

You decide that, since you are his most trusted advisor, it's your duty to tell him the truth.

"No. We can fortify in the mountain range. We will never back down." The Colonel exclaims.  "Besides, they could attack at anytime. Only cowards attack when their enemy is unprepared!"

That's what you get for telling him the truth, you think. He doesn't listen to reason.

"But Sir, With what men! The Uprising's military strength has never been weaker!" you say, despairingly.

"Then we will hire mercenaries! Or, even better, citizens willing to fight for their country! We'll fight them off!"

This is madness. The Colonel's been living in this cramped little military base for too long, you think. You can't believe he's so against leaving it. The city was once a jewel of the USA. Now its a radioactive dump in the middle of literal nowhere. Nobody wants to stay here... Except the Colonel. No, it's worse than that. He's still hoping for the return of the USA some day.

You leave him to his folly and return to your own quarters. Perhaps the city could be refortified and held by mercenaries... It is placed strategically upon a mountainside, and you'd need about 10 defenders, for every 100 attackers. But who would lead them? Whomever would have to be both very charismatic and a born leader. More someone your type than the Colonel.

You hear a knock on your door. It's the Colonel.

"I want to apologize for our argument earlier. It was uncalled for."

"It's forgotten."

"I also wanted to tell you..." he says, and you can't quite place it, but there seems to be something different about him.

You say "Yes?"

"Nothing. I just wanted to speak to you." he replies, before turning to leave.

You sense that there was something he wanted to tell you.

You say "Wait! Colonel?"

He turns.

"I wanted to ask you if you had any... Regrets".

Regrets. That was a big one for you. You regret pretty much all of your life up until this point.

You say "You know Colonel, I regret pretty much all of your life up until this point. But i'll never regret the time i've served under you."

The Colonel nods in a way that could almost be described as sad.

"I regret not having a son of your fortitude, Agent."

His words hit you like an emotion gut-punch.

You say "You already do. I've always thought of you as a father"

You see the corner of his mouth turn upwards. He attempts to give a smile, but it looks more like a grimace.

The Colonel steps closer to you and puts his hand on your shoulder, squeezing slightly.

"You'll make a good leader some day."

You smile, but the words give you pause. You wonder if you'll be made leader of the fort when the Colonel dies. You suppose it doesn't matter. All that matters is serving the Uprising until its final victory or your own.

"I should be getting back to my quarters. The other soldiers will wonder what we're talking about if I stay here too long."

"Yes, yes, you're right"

The next morning, the alarm sounds. The sound of a hundred boots marching reverberates throughout the fort as all preparations for battle are made. You stand in line with the other soldiers, each one armed with a gun or a bow. There wasn't enough firepower for everyone, some are handed af sack filled with grenades, and the fast ones, strapped with IED's.

The metal gate at the front of the fort slides open. Through it comes a procession of tanks and soldiers. The flag bearer advances forward, raising the stars and stripes into the air, In the star formation a black eagle on top of the swastika is pictured. The enemy advances forward, the tanks stopping every few feet to fire their cannons. As they fire, you watch the shells hit the front line of your own side.

You run to one of the Mortar teams, and tell them to aim at the Tanks. After you've done that, you turn to the rest of the platoon.

"All soldiers! We need to take down those tanks! Use your explosives. Fire at will!"

You throw a grenade at the tank inside the fort, hoping it will slow down those behind it.

You run to the crate of grenades, grab one and pull the pin out.

"FIRE IN THE HOLE!"

You throw it at the slowest moving tank.

You get to cover.

You throw yourself to the ground.

The tank explodes, destroying the tank and all the tanks following it.

You get up, cheering with elation.

The enemies fire slows down.

You take aim at the remaining soldiers.

You fire at the remaining enemies, going for headshots.

You manage to reload and fire before a tank fires at your position, you are hit in the head by shrapnel from your own bombed-out wall. Luckily you are wearing a helmet, but the pain is unmistakeable.

The last thing you hear is the Colonel yelling over the noise.

You faint.

Darkness.

You wake up in a large white room.

"Ah, you're awake. Good."

A man in a white lab coat stands over you.

You say "God is that you? is this heaven?"

"No, it isn't God and this isn't heaven."

"Who are you then?"

"Me? I'm just a simple doctor. Now I'd like you to answer some questions for me. What is your name?"

"Jimothy Thompson."

"Age?"

"34."

"Gender?"

"Male."

"Occupation?"

"Im an agent of The uhm.. im an agent."

The doctor flips a small piece of metal with something written in a language you can't read.

"Yeh, Yeh you are. Now, does anything hurt?"

The doctor pulls several small tools out of his pocket.

You say "everything. Where am i?"

Your eyes light upon a small metal tray marked with several small instruments: a clamp of some sort, a small saw, a hammer and a pair of scissors. You eye them nervously.

You say "Doc. What are you gonna do to me?"

The Doctor frowns.

"Nothing. I'm here to save you."

"What happened? Where am I?"

He looks around nervously and leans forward, speaking in a hushed tone.

"You're in Germany. Don't speak another word of English. In fact, from now on only speak German."

He opens a small door in the wall and grabs a coat.

"Here, put this on and come with me. Don't speak anything but German."

You get out of the bed and grab the coat.

You say "The Uprising?"

He sighs and looks around, then closes the door.

"The Uprising was defeated. Most of the leaders are dead or in custody.The survivors have been sentenced to death. Don't mention it again."

You say "What of The Colonel?"

The Doctor looks out the window briefly scanning the surroundings.

"He was killed in battle. Now, put on the damn coat and let's go."

You put on the coat.

The coat is nice and warm. It's a bit tight but not enough to be a concern.

You follow the Doctor around several corners until you find yourself in front of a large wooden door flanked by two large... creatures. They look like humans but much bigger and wearing uniforms well armor really. They stare at you with hungry almost feral looking eyes.

"These are the guards, The D-IX, they guard the priority facilities here in The Reich. Just go quietly and they'll let you pass."

The creatures look at you and one growls something in German. The Doctor nods and answers in kind before turning back to you.

"They asked your name, year and if you're a threat to The Fatherland."

"And what did you tell them?"

The Doctor smiles.

"I told them you were a simple cattle, no threat to national security and here for the express purpose of furthering The Fatherland's cause."

"And they believed you?"

"I am The Doctor. They must do as I say. Now, enter the booth."

The door opens and you step inside and take a seat.

"This may get a bit cold."

You feel a liquid begin to pour over your body and it brings instant chills to your body.

"So, how do you feel?"

You say "What is this liquid for?"

"It's my own personal recipe. It's part water and several other ingredients that I can't disclose. It has to do with the way you are thinking as well as several parts of your biology."

You say "whats it for?"

"It'll get rid of the toxins in your blood, as well as some surprises."

You feel your muscles begin to loosen up and the chills begin to disappear.

You investigate if the doctor has hidden intentions.

"Why are you doing this?"

"Helping out The Fatherland? They're a bunch of idiots. The only reason why we are winning is because the so called "Good guys" are fighting each other."

You open your mouth but the good doctor cuts you off.

"I know what you're thinking. I'm German, I should be helping the Fatherland. But believe me, this isn't about patriotism. It's about what is right."

With that statement the liquid that was pouring into your body stops. The Doctor stands up and looks at you.

"And now, it's time to complete the process. If you'll follow me this way, please."

You stand up and walk towards the door.

"Where are we going?"

"Not we, you. The process is not meant for two people. I need to go get some... supplies."

You say "What process?"

"The final process. Now come with me."

The Doctor walks past you and out the door. The two guards flank him on either side, staring at you with distrustful eyes. You slowly exit the room and find yourself in a narrow hallway. A strange odor hangs in the air, something you've never smelled before. The Doctor leads you into a room and turns to you before closing the door.

"The final process begins now. I need you to take off your clothes and put on this robe."

You stare at him as he slides a robe across the table towards you.

You put on the robe and say " i really hope i can trust you doc"

"Good. I knew you were an intelligent man."

You take off your clothes and slowly slide into the robe. Doctor Kesselring watches you the entire time.

"Excellent. Now sit in the chair please."

You do as he says and slide into a large comfortable looking chair.

You say "what now?"

"Now don't move."

The doctor reaches above him and pulls down a large lever. A mechanical sound starts up and the chair begins to slowly lower towards a large opening in the floor.

"The chair is lowering you into the tank. You must remain as still as possible or you may drown."

You stare at him in disbelief.

"Drown?!"

"Don't worry, everything will be fine as long you stay still. Also, try not to struggle, it'll only prolong the process."

The tank is now at eye level with you.

You comply with the instructions.

You sit there for a moment, unsure of what to do. You see the Doctor quickly slide out the door and pull it shut behind him. The room is suddenly silent, aside from the occasional rumbling from the large machine lowering you into the tank.

You slowly turn your head to look at the door. You can't see anything through the small window in it, but you can only imagine the Doctor on the other side, waiting. You turn your head forward again and see the tank is almost at eye-level with you.

You hear a loud, mechanical sound begin and the tank quickly fills with water.

You sit completely still.

You sit there for an unknown amount of time, unable to see anything but water and unable to feel anything but water. You try to wiggle your toes, you can't even feel them anymore. You slowly count to thirty, trying to block out the horrifying thoughts that begin to enter your head.

You begin to feel sleepy and stop counting. You close your eyes and slowly let the water carry you away...

You awake to find yourself laying on a table in a dark room. Doctor Kesselring is standing above you, smiling.

You say "D-doc?"

"Yes, good. You're awake."

You try to move, but find yourself unable to. You realize you are naked and covered in a cold slimy liquid.

"Wh-what is this?"

"Anesthesia. Now, I need to check your heart beat. Hold on for just a moment."

The Doctor puts his stethoscope in his ears and places the cold metal on your chest.

You figure out if the doctor is evil.

You stare at the Doctor. He seems rather jolly and grandfatherly. You can't quite put your finger on it, but there seems to be something sinister hiding behind his jolly demeanor.

You carefully observe his features. He has a large, crooked nose and his cheeks are rosey red. His white hair is all pushed towards the front of his head, making him seem aged. Although he seems aged, you see he is missing several teeth, making him seem less respectable. Also, his eyes are shifty. Even as he smiles at you, you can see his eyes darting around the room.

You stare at him for a moment longer before he pulls the stethoscope off of your chest and speaks.

"Ah, that was lovely. Just lovely."

He stares at you, still smiling.

"Now, a few more tests and we'll be done."

You nod your head slightly, agreeing. You can't do anything else.

"Now, I'm going to cover your eyes and you tell me what you see, OK?"

You hear him snap a rubber glove and shake a bottle of liquid.

"OK?"

"Uh huh," you weakly reply.

You feel his hand press against and then slightly into your right eye. It burns and you want to scream, but you know you can't. You hear him squirt liquid into your eye and you feel your eye burn even more. You try to look out of the corner of your eye, but you can't see anything but a bright light.

You say "What are you doing? it hurts!"

"What am I doing?" the Doctor asks. "I'm injecting you with medicine, dear boy. With these tests, I'm bound to find what ails you."

He squirts more liquid into your eye and you feel a sharp pain followed by a burning sensation.

"Thank you, that will be all," the Doctor says as he pats your shoulder.

You hear the door close behind you and slowly open your eyes. You squint as you try to get used to the light. A man with a black bag enters the room and nods at you.

You try to move as you say "Who the fuck are you?"

You try to move, but the straps hold you down. You panic as the man grabs a needle seemingly from nowhere and holds it near your arm.

You try to struggle, but you can't do anything. You panic as the man grabs your arm and holds it still. He stabs the needle into your arm and you hold still as he pushes down on the plunger.

The liquid rushes into your arm and you feel your head swelling up.

"Wh-who are you?" you ask again as the man injects you with liquid.

"Quiet," the man says as he injects you with liquid.

You wince in pain as the toxin rushes through your veins and slowly down to your heart. Your heart beat slows as the man looks down at you. His eyebrows are furrowed and his eyes seem to be staring through you. He looks back down at your arm as he grabs a large blade and slices open your arm. "For the Fatherland" he says in a whisper as you watch your blood drain into a cup.

The toxin slowly makes its way through your body as it reaches your brain, your eyes droop slightly and your head lulls to the side. You try to look at the man but your vision goes dark.

You hear a slight grunt and you open your eyes slightly. You see the man slash his wrists and blood pour into the cup. "For the Fatherland." He says as blood drips into the cup.

You try to scream but your mouth won't work, you try to yell but your lungs are paralyzed, you try to move but your muscles don't respond. You lie there, paralyzed and unable to speak.

"For the Fatherland," the man says as he pours the blood into your mouth.

You open your mouth to yell but the blood is poured in before you can make a noise. The thick, coppery liquid pours into your mouth and you choke as it goes down your throat. You feel it run through your body, it tastes disgusting and you want to vomit.

"Quiet now," the man says as he strokes your hair.

You try to yell but the man grabs your throat and looks into your eyes. "Stop fighting or you'll bleed out."

You embrace it.

You lay there, motionless except for the slow rising and falling of your chest.

"You'll be fine in a few hours," the man says as he looks to the door and nods. The door swings open and two guards walk in. They take off your restraints and grab you by your arms. "Best behavior, now," one of the men says as they take you out of the room.

The hallways are silent and empty, the only sound is the echoing of your feet against the floor. The light is cold and bright, flowing from the bulbs in the upper corners of the halls. The guards don't speak as they lead you along. They turn a corner and you find yourself in a larger room. Twenty metal chairs are placed along the walls, with one chair facing away from you. A Television sits on a stand, turned off. The guards sit you down in the single chair and secure your restraints. They don't speak as they leave the room, leaving you alone.

You say "Heeeeeelp"

You scream for help at the top of your lungs, as loud as you can. The door to the room is already opening, so you continue to yell. The man who lead you into the room walks in, looking furious. He walks over to you and slaps you hard across the face.

You faint.

The blow knocks you unconscious. When you wake up you sit up and see the man from before. He looks into your eyes and his stare makes you uncomfortable.

"Do you know where you are?"

You say "i.. i'm in Germany"

"Yes, you are in Germany. Do you know where?"

You look around the room and take note of the details, before answering.

"I'm in the German Headquarters. In the city of Berlin."

"Correct. Some call it 'The Bunker', but only those who served in the war"

"I don't understand. Are we still in World War Two?"

"Goodness, no. That was decades ago," the man says, laughing heartily.

"The Fuhrer?" you ask.

"He died, many years ago," he answers.

"I don't understand. Am I dead? Is this the afterlife?"

"Heavens no. This is the present. Or, at least, the present of 1984."

You look around in confusion. "So, am I a ghost? Is this the afterlife?"

"Goodness me, no. You're very much alive."

"Then how can this be the present if I'm still alive?

You say "i would be 60 years by now"

"Ah, yes. Our little... test. Let's see exactly how much you know, shall we? Tell me... do you know who the Fuhrer was?"

"Yes. His name was Adolf Hitler. He was the leader of Germany before he and the axis powers won The Great World War"

"Good, good. And can you tell me what year that was?"

You say "He won in the year 1945"

"Correct! I'm glad to see the authorities didn't bleach your brain completely. But, we must move on, there is much to learn before nightfall."

The old man walks out of the room. You hear the lock on the door click and he shuffles away. The lights in your room turn off, and you are left alone in the dark. A dim light peeks in from under the door and you can see a small wooden table next to you.

You stand up and walk towards the table. You sit down and wait for morning to come.

You make an attempt to escape.

You stand up and walk to the door. You try to open it, but it will not give. You scream and yell, hoping someone will hear you. No one does. You sit back down on your bed and wait for morning to come.

"It's morning!" The old man calls from outside the door. "I have your breakfast here. I'm coming in now, OK?"

"OK," you say.

The door opens and the man walks in, carrying a tray. He sees that you are not in your bed, and drops the tray.

"It's gone!" he screams.

You attack the old man.

You lunge at the old man. You punch him in the face, and he falls to the floor. His glasses fall off his face and shatter on the floor.

You circle kick him across the face.

You raise your knee and pull it back before kicking the old man in the face. He grunts as he is knocked onto his back, blood trickling from his nose.

You interrogate him, to find out what they really did to you.

"What did you do to me?" you ask, looming over the old man.

"You... are a monster," he spits blood and teeth.

"NO YOU ARE THE MONSTERS" you yell at him, as you continue to beat him up.

The old man put a needle in me, made me into a monster. I don't feel anything when I hurt people. I feel something different...

"Why did you make me like this?"

You unleash yourself upon him.

You rip the old man's throat out and he begins to bleed out. You see men in military gear come running in, they scream when they see you standing there, covered in blood. They open fire upon you.

You unleash your anger and every fiber of your being unto the men.

You charge at the men and rip them to pieces, crushing their skulls and tearing out their throats. You feel a part of you die as you kill them coldly, without mercy or remorse.

You get revenge.

You turn and look at the men who had once controlled your life. You rip out their throats, tear off their faces, crush their spines and break their bones. They scream and squeal as you take your revenge. No longer a lab rat, no longer a captive, you are a warrior.

You emerge from the burning building covered in blood and gore. You feel something change within you. Your senses have changed. Your eyes can see better in the darkness, and you can hear every whisper and feel every movement from miles away. You no longer feel pain in the same way you used to. Your skin is tougher than steel and your muscles are stronger than bronze.

You feel a fire burning deep within your soul. You feel power coursing through your veins.

You feel nothing but a burning urge to see the Fatherland come crashing down.

A man approaches you. He wears a black SS uniform over his tall and slender figure. His face is covered with a scars, the byproduct of a lifetime waging war. His name is Reinhardt, and he's an amicable man who shares your desire to see the Fatherland destroyed.

"Hello, Karth," he greets you, extending a hand for you to shake.

You say "Thats not my name"

"Hello," you reply, "Thats not my name."

"What is it, then?"

"I don't know. I haven't thought of one yet. You can call me Ares," your voice sounds hoarse and raw, as if you've been smoking two packs of cigarettes a day for the past twenty years.

"Ah, the God of War," he chuckles. "A fitting name."

You nod in acknowledgement. The God of War has always been a strong symbol to soldiers throughout history, both real and imaginary.

"It's one of the greatest honors of my life to meet you, sir," he continues in a more serious tone. "If there is anything I can ever do for you, please do not hesitate to ask."

You say "help me burn down the pillars on which the fatherland stands, and build with me a freer future"

His eyes widen in surprise and he grins.

"Done," he says, shaking your hand.

You grin back at him.

"It's nice to have allies for once."

He gestures towards the town, and you walk silently through the rubble and destruction.

"So, what do you think about the Fatherland so far?" he says.

"It's very...white," you respond, tactfully ignoring the mangled corpses and bloody snow.

"Ah yes, the Fatherland's beauty is marred by war, as many of our greatest artworks were marred by critics," he replies in a joking tone. "When I first joined the war I was shocked by how ugly it was, but I soon grew used to it."

"You get used to the horrible things,"

You and reinhardt, continue walking through the rubble, and talk about setting up af new resistance cell. You're glad to have met him.

When you arrive at the resistance cell, there's a tall, black-haired man waiting outside.

This is the end of your story, and for the resistance a new day rises. The end is nigh, and the moral of the story is:

There is no end.

Epilogue: 

After you form a new resistance cell with reinhardt, you are assigned the task of assassinating the high-ranking officers in charge of the lebensraum project.

Once again, you prove your worth to the allies by striking at the heart of the Fatherland's war machine. You serve with distinction, and after the war is won you are considered a hero.

The Fatherland is destroyed, and your reputation for utterly destroying your enemies secures you a seat on the newly-formed world security committee. You live a life of honor, peace and prosperity. Your last words, spoken on your deathbed, are "The Fatherland is always with me"