Sorrel Graybacker, a wizard of legend and unimaginable power, sits peacefully on the front step of his cabin in the forest. The world outside of the empty forest has been quiet and peaceful for months now. The war between Larion and the Dark Elves has been suspiciously inacive. He has enjoyed the peace, but doesn’t expect it will last for much longer. He has felt an uneasiness in the air for many days now. Something is coming soon.

Sorrel's eyebrows rise as he hears a noise not unlike the howling of a wolf. Turning his head, he looks up at the clear night sky.

The moon is full tonight.  It gives off as much light as a candle, but it casts a beautiful, cool white light.“Werewolves tonight... Great.”

Sorrel closes his eyes and focuses his energy on his surroundings. He thinks for a while, then raises his hand out to the left. A warewolf begins to float, stiff and motionless, from a couple hundred feet away. Sorrel gestures, and the warewolf levitates over to him. With a nonchalant wave of his hand, the beast drops back to the ground and regains control of itself. It pants heavily.

“Leave this forest, beast. You are not welcome here,” Sorrel states.

The beast growls and stares Sorrel intensely in the eyes.

“Grrr.... This forest does not belong to you, magic man. You would be wise to leave it before a creature like me tears you apart.”

“I’ve lived here for years. I’m certainly not going to leave now because of the likes of you.”

“Years? Are you a nomad?”

“No. I’ve simply enchanted my home. Not many can see it, but I assure you, this is my territory you are trespassing on.”

The warewolf gazed up to the sky.

“I can’t guarantee your safety tonight, boy. The moon is almost fully risen, and my pack has chosen this forest for hunting tonight. Once the moon is up, we will become feral. I’ve nothing against you, so I will offer you this one chance to leave while you still can.”

“Not an option, beast.”

“Then you will be the first to die,” the warewolf said menacingly.

The warewolf turned back and began to run on all fours through the thick. Sorrel sat and waited for what felt like a half hour and then, sure enough, the wolf returned with a pack of at least 30.

Sorrel takes in a deep breath, then exhales slowly.

Minutes earlier, the moon had risen fully. The warewolves had lost all sense of self and only knew blood. They all rushed Sorrel at once.

A burst of white light erupted from Sorrel’s hands and engulfed the beasts. They yelped and cried out in pain as were thrown to the ground. Sorrel stood up calmly from the stair on which he was sat and took a few steps forward. “Tachyora,” the wizard muttered as he waved his hands forward.

The pack of beasts froze in time, completely aware of the active world, but unable to physically interact with reality.

Sorrel’s eyes lit up with a dim blue glow. A wave of energy erupted from him and washed over the static warewolves. They unfroze from their time trap and fell once again to the ground in anguish. They ached and groaned as they transformed back to their human form.

The warewolves were once again human. The man that had spoken to Sorrel previously stepped forward, still a bit weak from the transformation.

“You— you cured us! You broke the unbreakable curse!”

“You’re free from that which held you back for so long. Go, begin a new life for yourselves. Look after eachother. Be honest men. Don’t forget this gift you have been given. I can always take it back.”

“No, sir! Thank you so very much! We are forever in your debt.”

“Off with you lot, then.”

The men and women obliged and retreated to the Kingdom of Larion where they had once belonged.

A female voice spoke up from a short distance behind Sorrel.

“Wow, Graybacker. Pretty impressive stuff. It isn’t everyday you get to see something like that.”

"Julia," Sorrel jumped, "I didn't notice you! How long have you been there?"

"Long enough to see that. Time has made you merciful."

"I didn't realize that was a bad thing," Sorrel said begrudgingly.

"I never said it was... Not to me, at least."

Sorrel turned away a little as to hide his red cheeks. He turned back towards Julia.

"Nevermind that. What brings you here?"

"I come on behalf of King Maddock."

"Why has your father requested my presence? Is he okay?"

King Maddock was Sorrel’s oldest friend. He watched Sorrel grow up from a mere baby to the man he is today. He always had a soft spot for the young wizard, as his best friend was Sorrel’s father before he died an unfortunate death. In many ways, King Maddock helped raise Sorrel.

"He is well, yes," Julia says. "He only wonders what has kept you away for so long. My father is concerned for you."

"Well you can tell him I‘m fine, Princess. I'm just enjoying the peace while it lasts."

Julia agressively took a step towards Sorrel and snapped back a response.

"Look Graybacker, I didn't have to come here. I only did to ease my father's mind. He grows more paranoid by the day that this peace is drawing to a close. At least knowing you're okay would help him worry a little less."

"Does this also include you? You seem a little tense yourself," Sorrel quipped.

Julia fell quiet and stared at floor.

“You know that’s not why I’m tense,” Julia whispered, almost as if talking to herself.

Sorrel continued.

“I know. It might do you well to leave, if it is so hard to stand in my presence.”

Julia looked up into Sorrel’s eyes. She stared for awhile before finally speaking.

“Very well... I will tell my father you’re safe. Goodbye, Sorrel.”

She began to walk away. Just as she reached the end of the clearing, she stopped and turned her head to Sorrel.

“My father wishes we could get along, you know. I do too.”

“Hope isn’t going to bring my him back, Princess.”

With that, Julia retreated into the woods towards Larion.

"He's never coming back," Sorrel said to himself somberly.

As a boy at the age of five, Sorrel watched his father die during The Great Siege of Larion while trying to protect King Maddock's three year old daughter, Julia. Sorrel blames the princess for his father's death.

Sorrel took a deep breath to collect himself.

"Very well, Maddock," he spoke to himself. "I suppose it is about time I pay you a visit."

He went inside and rested for the night. The next morning, he arose, put on his clothes and gear, and walked to the kingdom.

A long walk later, Sorrel arrived at the gates of Larion. He took a deep breath.

“Home sweet home,” he thought to himself.

Sorrel stepped through the gates and made his way to the castle. It always felt so strange to Sorrel to be back in the walls that he left behind so many years ago. He left as a frail boy, after the demise of his father, and returned many years later a man with limitless power.

“Excuse me, guard,” he said to a passing guard.

The guard stumbled a bit with shock.

“Master Graybacker! Yes sir? By the way, sir, may I just say what an honor it is to meet you.”

“Thank you. Anyways, might you happen to know where King Maddock is right now?”

“Yes sir, Master Graybacker. The King is in his personal garden at the moment. I can escort you if you wish,” the guard said nervously.

“That won’t be necessary. Thank you.”

“Yes sir.”

Sorrel walked through the castle and to the garden. He stepped outside and spotted the King.

“Maddock! How the hell are you,” Sorrel greeted.

The King quickly whipped around to face the young wizard.

“Sorrel, my friend! So good to see you!”

The two hugged and talked for a bit, catching up about what they have both been up to in the months since they last spoke. The King stopped abruptly in the middle of a sentence and looked around Sorrel.

“Sorrel, where is Princess Julia,” he asked.

“Now why on Earth would I know that, Maddock?”

The King’s facial expression became concerning and full of worry.

“She stayed at your cabin last night, did she not?”

“What?... No. You know we don’t get along well. She left shortly after arriving. She said she was coming back here to tell you I was doing well.”

The King became noticeably panicked.

“Oh no. No no no no, my little girl. Damn!”

“Maddock, what’s going on?”

“Julia never returned to the kingdom last night, Sorrel. I assumed she stayed with you because of the late night.”

“What,” Sorrel questioned. “Then where the hell is she?”

“I don’t know. Dear God, I can’t believe I sent her out so late. Surely you’ve noticed the uneasiness in the air as of late.”

“I have.”

“Shit! She’s gone. This is all my fault.”

“No Maddock. If your daughter is gone, it is my fault. If she has been taken, that is on me.”

Sorrel paused.

“We were arguing just before she left,” he said. “If she was ambushed, or worse... She was in no mental state to fight back or flee. You cannot blame yourself, my friend.”

The King was taken aback.

“Sorrel, you musn’t blame yourself.”

“Well I do. Regardless of how I feel towards her, I should’ve at least paid you the respect of showing her hospitality.”

"Sorrel," the King spoke, "What are we going to—"

"I'm going to find her. Whatever it takes, I am going to get your daughter back."

The wizard closed his eyes and centered himself. The charm hanging from his neck began glow bright green through his shirt. In an instant he was gone, and had teleported just outside of his forest. He began to search the area for clues. It didn't take him long to find one.

In the soil, Sorrel could make out footprints. Right outside of the forest were shoe prints. Dainty sized boots with a consuderable gap from the toe to the heel: Princess Julia’s heels. They were gentle imprints for roughly a hundred feet. Then, they became deeper at the toe, the dirt thrown a little backwards. She was running from something. The prints ended another hundred feet ahead. Next to them were bare footprints. These prints were heavy, as if the individual had jumped into the soil. Jumped, or landed from a flight. The prints were almost child-sized. The one set of prints disappeared as suddenly as they appeared, along with the Princess’s.

"She was taken to the air," Sorrel deduced. "The Dark Faries got to her."

Once again using his magical necklace, Sorrel teleported directly into the Dark Fairy fortress.

A collection of Dark Fairy were to his immediate front.

"Where is she," he demanded.

"Oh fuck, he's here," one of the elves screamed.

"Get him! Get him now," another responded.

Dark Fairies began swarming towards Sorrel in all direction. Without hesitation, he reacted.

"FLUCTUS INPULSA!"

A wave of energy exploded in all directions from the wizard, throwing them all back to the wall. Utilizing the Boots of the Wind, Sorrel began sprinting, the wind carrying beneath his feet, propelling him forward at impossible speeds. He ran through the fortress in search of the princess until eventually coming upon a locked steel door at the end of a corridor.

"Nullum fora," he muttered, unlocking the door.

He stood at the entrance.

"Princess, are you in there," he said. There was no response. "Julia!"

Sorrel screamed with raw emotion. He was not, in this moment, searching for a person he resented. In this moment, he was searching for something he cared about. He was no longer sure if it was Julia he was desperately searching for, or the his friend's daughter.

"Over here," somebody screamed back. Julia.

He ran through the doorway and turned the corner. She was at the end of the room chained to a wall, her formerly exquisite clothing now tattered and ruined. Their eyes met.

“Graybacker,” she said with shock in her voice.

“I’m here. Don’t worry, Princess, I’ll get you out of here.”

He ran to her and began to fiddle with the chains.

“Nullum for—”

“LOOK OUT,” Julia interjected.

Sorrel quickly turned his head to face the oncoming threat, but it was too late. A blade met his chest, stabbing him clean through the back.

“Sorrel,” Julia yelled, “No!”

She stared the attacker in the face with tears falling down her face.

“Sorrel, get up! Please get up!”

Unable to breath, Sorrel knew his Ring of Regeration would do him no good while the blade was still in his lung. Whatever air he had, he used to reach up and grab the hilt of the blade and pull. The sword fell to the floor, and he followed suit.

The Dark Fairy that attacked him placed his foot on Sorrel’s seemingly lifeless back. He began to chuckly at the helpless princess, who was crying uncontrollably.

“Your hero has fallen, Laronian scum,” he gloated. “To think beings more powerful than I have been trying to kill this son of a bitch for a decade. Pathetic.”

The Dark Fairy started towards the exit door.

“I never made amends with him,” she cried. “All I wanted was to know him the way my father speaks of him. I’m so sorry, Graybacker. Sorrel... This death truly is my doing.”

“Not quite, Princess,” the lifeless body spoke.

Sorrel managed to get his hands under him and throw himself to his feet. As if it had never happened, the hole in his skin was gone. He faced the Dark Fairy, his back to Julia. He held right his hand out to his side, wiggling the finger on which the Ring of Regeration was placed. He yelled for the retreating elf, who turned in shock to see his fallen enemy now standing.

“There’s probably a couple reasons shitbags like you haven’t been able to beat me,” Sorrel remarked.

Sorrel drew his sword, the Mystical Blade of Necromancy, from his back and sliced clean through the torso of the Dark Fairy, it’s body falling to the floor in two.

Sorrel turned to the princess.

“I think you’ll get that chance,” he paused, “Julia.”

The King of Larion paces back and forth in his throne room, anxiously awaiting the return of Sorrel, hoping he will bring good news. Perhaps a location.

In a spectacular flash of light, Sorrel appears in the middle of the throne room, Julia being carried in his arms.

“Sorrel, have you— Oh, my little girl!”

Maddock sprints towards Julia. Sorrel drops her feet to the ground and she runs towards him as well.

The hug tightly. The reunion is truly heartwarming.

"Sorrel," Maddock says, "thank you so much, my friend."

"Of course, Maddock." Sorrel then tells him the events of her disappearance and her rescue.

"Well listen," the King says, pulling Sorrel to the side privately, "I know you don't much care for my daughter, but this truly means the world to me. Thank you."

"Actually," Sorrel interjects, "I think it's about time I move past it. My dad, I mean. As much as I miss him, hating her isn't going to bring him back. I see that now."

"Of course it isn't," the King responds.

Sorrel nods. “Maddock, with your blessing, I would like to bring Julia back to the cabin with me for the week, or at least until she is better. They scuffed her up pretty bad. I would like to personally see to it that she makes a full recovery and, hopefully, work out the bad blood between us in the process.”

Maddock grins, his ears and cheeks nearly embracing.

"My boy, you have no idea how happy I am to hear this. Of course. Blessing given. Take her. Make sure she is okay. Besides, there is no safer place for her than with you."

The rest of the day is spent within the castle walls. The King decided to throw a feast for the return of his daughter. The day was merry and the feast plentiful. Once the sun falls, Sorrel finds Julia and informs her of the plan. She seems unsure at first, based on the bad blood between them and the way he behaved towards her last time she went to his home, but ultimately, she agrees. The two set off for the cabin. Upon arrival, Sorrel draws Julia a bath.

“I’ve drawn you a bath, Princess,” he says, this time without a sarcastic tone when using her title. “I know you haven’t had a chance to wash up since you left here last.”

“Oh,” she replies, pleasantly surprised, “thank you, Graybacker.”

“Please, call me Sorrel. Really. I am sorry about the way I’ve been for so long, but I finally realize I can’t blame you for something he chose to do.”

“Oh my. You really mean that? Very well... Oh, and please, call me Julia.”

Sorrel chuckles lightly, “Heh, yeah, I can do that.”

He looks her up and down examining her tattered clothing, cut legs, bruised arms, and scraped face.

“How are you feeling,” he asks.

“Honestly, it hurts a lot. I’ve had bumps and bruises, but this is something else entirely.”

“Yeah, I know what you mean. I can’t even begin to tell you how badly I’ve been messed up in the past.”

“But you have the enchanted ring, haven’t you?”

“I didn’t always have this,” he says, holding the ring up to his chest, turning his hand back and forth examining the ring. “In fact, my worst beatings were before I found it. I have a lot of experience tending to wounds. That’s why you’re here.”

“What stops you from simply placing the ring onto my finger?”

“Magic does. The ring binds to the bearer, only separating upon death. Believe me, I would if I could.”

An drawn out, awkward silence fills the room.

“Well, you better wash up, Julia. You wouldn’t want the water to get cold.”

“Right, yes. Thank you, again, Sorrel.”

Julia retreats to the bathroom to clean herself. While she does so, Sorrel goes outside to sit alone on the porch steps once again.

“Well this is certainly different,” he thinks to himself. “Not the bad kind, though. It might be nice to have the company.”

He ponders about how the King will retaliate for Julia’s kidnapping. Perhaps another invasion of the Dark Fairy fortress. Maybe he will rain cannon fire on its walls.

After a while, he heads back in and finds Julia fast asleep on his bed in a fresh set of clothing she brought from the kingdom. He never did show her where the guest room was. He picks her up, careful not to wake her, and lays her in the guest bed, pulling the covers up just below her neck. He looks at her for a moment and smiles at the fact that, for the first time in their lives, he is happy to see her.

Julia wakes up early the next morning, still in pain, but feeling rejuvenated after a much needed night of sleep.

She wanders about the cabin, realizing this is the first time she has ever actually been inside. It is much bigger on the inside than it appears on the outside, which she correctly assumes is due to some kind of magic trickery. Julia walks by Sorrel's room. The door is open, and she peers in at him. He is sprawled out on the bed. He he exhausted, and probably isn't waking up any time soon. After all of that combat for the first time in almost six months, she isn't surprised.

"The way he fought for me was unbelievable," she thinks. "I never thought I would see the day that Sorrel cared about me."

She smiles at that thought.

"Maybe he can feel something for me after all..."

She walks out of his room, and to the front part of the house again. She finds a tray on the table, with two slices of freshly baked bread and a pitcher of milk.

She breaks off a bit of bread and pours herself a glass. As she eats, she wonders what Sorrel does all day to entertain himself. She looks around and notices that some of the most artistically beautiful parts of the house look like they were recently crafted (She refers to the place as a house now, realizing that it only appears to be a cabin from the outside, but is truly a substantial home from the inside).

She gets up and continues to wander. She makes her way to a door labeled "Armory" and goes inside.

She sees a metallic black suit of armor on a stand. She has never seen Sorrel wear it before, in all of his years of combat. The armor has a faint teal glow emanating off of it, and she feels a great strength when she places her hand upon it. She lets go and continues to look around the room. Julia sees a large stand-up case in the cener of the back wall. She opens it and sees the legendary relics that he wears around. There are stories of how he collected these relics over his years of adventure and heroics, each more impressive than the last.

She scans over them all with her finger, naming them as she goes:

"Warp Charm, Boots of the Wind, Gauntlets of the Giants, and finally, the Mystical Blade of Necromancy."

She stares for awhile in awe.

"Wow. If only your father could see you now, Graybacker. He'd be so proud of the man—the hero you've become... I know I am."

Over the next few days, Sorrel and Julia become quite close. They share a sense of humor, Sorrel shows genuine concern for Julia's health and does everything he can to aid her, and Julia is an excellent cook. After he cooked the second night, she wasn't going to let him keep eating like that while she was there. She feels that although she's only been living with him for a few days, she too has become quite fond of him, and he of her.

After just over a week, Sorrel notices Julia's ailments are almost completely cleared up. He mentions this to her.

"So I guess you'll be heading back within the next couple days, huh," he questions.

"Yeah, heh.. I guess so."

"I'm sure your dad will be happy to see you return home," Sorrel says, trying to hide is disappointment. For so long he shut out this amazing woman from his life. All this time, he was missing out on a friendship more true than any he had ever experienced. He didn't want it to end. He didn't want to be alone again.

"Yeah," she answers with a frown, "I guess he will."

"I'm sorry," he says.

"For what? 

“Shutting you out for all our lives over something that you had no control over."

“Yeah”

Julia sniffles as she stares at the floor.

Sorrel stands from the couch the two were sitting on.

"Right then," he says, "It's getting late. Shall I draw you a bath so you can wash up and get some sleep?"

Julia looks up to smile at him.

"I would like that.”

He draws the bath and leaves her to herself to wash up. Once again, he goes out to the porch steps and thinks to himself. No longer is he focused on the matters of the world. The only thoughts he has are of Julia.

“This feeling, this friendship... It blossomed so fast after so many years of disdain. Now I feel nothing but happiness when I am with her. So much so that I’m not even certain I know what I’m feeling. I’ve felt on my own for so long... I never felt like I truly needed anyone. Until now.”

“Hey crazy,” Julia says playfully. She is standing in the front doorway of the home behind him, leaning against the opening, a towel wraped over her, her hair still wet, her skin so smooth, her smile so genuine. “What are you doing out here alone again? You aren’t brooding without me, are you?”

Sorrel chuckles lightly.

“No... No, not quite. Just thinking. You know? Being crazy.”

“Well what do you have to think so hard about?”

Julia comes and sits on the step with Sorrel.

“Well for starters,” Sorrel begins, “It’s about to get really cold out here and you’re wearing nothing but a towel.”

“Oh it’s fine. You’ve been there for me so much this past week. Let me be here for you this time. So,” she lays her hand on his knee, “What’s plaguing that brain of yours?”

"Honestly?"

"Yeah, let me hear it.”

"It's you.”

“Oh,” she replies with a certain inflection in her voice. He isn’t quite sure what kind. “What about me? Did I do something wrong?”

"You haven't done anything wrong. You never did." Sorrel pauses for a moment. "You never did.. It's just you being here. It has been so nice for me. I never felt like I wanted someone around before, but it is great having you here."

“And I’ve loved being here. Part of me doesn’t want to go. I have a kingdom to be a part of though. Just as you help protect it, I help govern it.” She wanted to say more, but she refrained. She wasn’t sure what she had been feeling, exactly. She had an inclination that Sorrel was feeling the same thing she was, however, whether either of them wanted to say it or not.

"I know. I have no issue with you leaving, Julia. Really. I just don't want to say goodbye, I suppose. Of course, I can visit you any time and vice versa, but I mean to having you around all the time. A constant companion."

Julia smiles and lays her head on his shoulder. The two sit like that for awhile and think to themselves, then get up and head inside.

"I've washed your clothes, Julia. Sorry they weren't waiting for you when you got out of the tub. It slipped my mind. Let me fetch them."

Sorrel run and grabs the clothes and meetd Julia outside of her room with them.

"There you are."

"Thank you, kind sir."

"Good night, Julia."

"... good night, Sorrel."

He stands there a moment longer before finally leaving. She knows he's hesitant to leave. They both are.

"I'll see you tomorrow," he says.

"Absolutely," she responds.

He leaves and she goes to bed. Her last thoughts before drifting off are of him.

In the dead of night, she wakes up. Unable to return to her slumber, she goes and figures she’ll see if Sorrel is awake as well. Maybe they can talk until she gets tired again, she figures. She does only have another night after this one with him, after all.

She cracks his door open and seems him fast asleep on the left side of the bed. Rather than leave, she goes to the right side and sits off the edge of the bed. She begins talking to herself, as if having a conversation with him.

"I don't want to go either, you know... These days here have been the happiest of my life. I've known you— the world has known you so long as this legend that you've proven yourself to be. This god amongst men. The man that, when he shows up, ensures your victory in any battle. I never would have imagined that you would be so funny, so kind, so caring... so sweet." 

She grabs his hand and holds it. This wakes him up, but he doesn’t move. He is turned away from her, eyes open, listening.

"What stops you from coming back with me? I know you won't. You've lived here longer than I can recall. This is your life.”

She sniffles a bit as she goes on.

"I don't want to leave you though, Sorrel... I love you."

He squeezes her hand gently.

"Sorrel?"

He pulls her towards him as he sits up and turns towards her. He hugs her tightly.

"I love you too, Julia."

They loosen their hug enough to look at eachother. They stare for far too long into eachothers eyes until finally, they share a long, passionate kiss. They continue kissing, slowly lowering themselves down to the pillows. Their heads touch the pillows and they pause. Sorrel stares Julia in the eyes once again and caresses her cheek.

"Julia..."

He brings his head down to hers and they kiss once more before both drifting off to sleep.

Sorrel wakes early in the morning, hoping the events of the previous night weren't only a dream. He shifts around and turns to face Julia. Sorrel lets out a sigh of relief that wakes up Julia.

"Ungh..." she groans as she comes to. "Hey, you," she waves her hand around lightly until it makes contact with something. In this case, Sorrel's face.

"What'rya sighin for? You alright?"

He chuckles.

"Yeah... Yeah I'm just fine."

He has never felt this happy before. He has never been in love. It was all so foreign to him.

“You’re not a morning person, huh?”

He laughs at Julia.

“Waddayatalkinabout? I’m just fine in the mornnnn”

She begins breathing deeply. She’s asleep again.

“Hey. Julia. Come on, cutie. Get up.”

He lowers his head and kisses her. She groans again, and he begins to pull away, but she instead reaches up for his face and gestures him back in. The two kiss for longer.

They stop.

"Alright, you win. I'm up... Dick," Julia says through a grin.

"So last day, huh? Damn."

"I guess so," Sorrel says. "What do you want to do today?"

"I haven't got the slightest clue. I'll be happy with anything so long as it's with you."

Sorrel grins.

"Well, let's start by getting you something to eat. Then, we'll see."

They both get up and get dressed.

They walk to the kitchen and Sorrel waves his hand leisurely. Pans and ingredients begin flying around, cooking themselves.

"If this turns out bad, you can't blame me. It's cooking itself."

"Ehhh, yeah, but it's still your magic though, thus kinda still being your fault."

She winks at him and giggles. His heart flutters.

"Alright, I can take the heat. Come on, let's go see what I've made for you."

On the table sits two plates with eggs, sunny side up, sausages from a freshly slain pig, grilled potatoes sprinkled with salt and paprika, and pears from a nearby tree.

"Do you like it?"

"I take it back. This is definitely the magic’s doing. You get no credit for this,” she jokes.

“Oh goodie.”

They finish the food to the crumb, clean up, and head out.

They walk down the road, holding hands and joking back and forth.

"Hey, let's go see the falls today," Julia suggests.

“That sounds great.”

“One hell of a journey though. Do we really have time for that on our last day like this?”

“All this mundanity and you forget who I am, my dear? Please.”

He holds out his hand and waits a few moments. Shortly thereafter, the warp charm flies into his hand. He places it around his neck, holds Julia close, and teleports the two of them to the Falls.

They're enjoying the falls. A cool spray hits them in the face. They begin to play around in the water, splashing each other and laughing.

Julia pulls his head to hers for a kiss. They embrace as the kiss deepens. Eventually, they break and he looks at her with the water droplets falling off of his cheeks. She looks back, smiling, as the water flows over her body. One of her hands goes to his chest, the other around his back. They draw closer to each other's bodies as their lips move closer together. The embrace deepens. You can feel the two's hearts beating as one another. They feel so alive right now. He holds her to him as they continue to embrace. She wraps her legs around his waist. He grins and holds her tightly.

“You complete me, Julia. I love you so much.”

"You took the words right out of my mouth.”

Some time passes, which they consider to be well spent. It was mostly being cute with one another and splashing water in eachother’s faces. Love so innocent could hardly be wrong.

"Julia, do you know of Noalphando?"

"I do. That’s the dormant volcano below which Larion is built. Mount Noalphando.”

"Have you ever been to the top? Have you ever seen the insides of the volcano?"

"I've never been there. I've only heard about it, but I've heard it's an amazing sight.

Mount Nolphando had been dormant for centuries. Maybe even millennia. Nobody knew quite for sure. The mouth of the dormant giant was deeper than any canyon the planet had ever seen. All along the side of the steep crater was grass and beautiful vegetation, as well as a rare purple flower that only grows in extreme altitudes with access to copious amounts of water.

“I would like to take you up there next time we get to have a day like this,” Sorrel said.

“Oh, I would love that,” Julia delighted.

The day was drawing to a close. They ended their time at the falls with a picnic under a great tree, and warped back to the Sorrel’s cabin.

They arrived to the kingdom hand in hand, proud to state their newfound love.

In the evening, they returned to the castle. Maddock had heard of their arrival to the kingdom earlier that day and planned to greet them both at the feasting hall. He was anxious to see if they had truly become the friends he had always wanted them to.

Sorrel and Julia entered hand in hand to the feasting hall. The King spotted them from across the room and began to run toward them. For his old age, he sure was in good shape. 

“Julia, honey! Welcome back. And Sorrel, my friend! How was it having her there all that time? I hope she didn’t give you too much trouble.”

When he got close enough he saw them hold eachother’s hands tightly.

"Oh... Oh my. What is this?"

Sorrel and Julia looked up at the King. His face was riddled with wonder and confusion.

“Maddock, my friend. Princess Julia, well.. I’ve come to think quite fondly of her in our time together.”

Julia cut in, giddy in her words.

“I love him, father! I love him with all of my heart, and he feels the same.”

The King looked dumbfounded.

"Maddock, your daughter and I have decided to explore a relationship."

“I’ll be damned!” Shouted the King.

“This truly is a great day! My little girl has found love with a man I trust with my life. As both a father and King, I truly could not be happier! When is the wedding?”

"Woah, hey big guy, slow down," Sorrel said.

"Father, please," Julia laughed, "this is still so new to us both. We have no answer for you other than... hopefully one day, when we're ready."

The King was silent for a moment, before smiling.

"Ha, ha ha ha ha, I kid! I'm happy for you both, really!"

He embraced the pair, and they all stayed up late into the night having merry conversation. Later in the night, Maddock found a monent alone with Sorrel.

“So, Sorrel, what do you think? Are your days of adventure and combat going to be over any time soon?”

“You know the answer to that already, my friend. As long as this land is in a state of unrest, I will not rest.”

“I’m happy to hear it. With this Dark Fairy war going on, we can’t afford to lose you. Nobody can. What happens to the Elves if the fairies take us out. We are their first line of defense. What happens to the regual ol fairies if the Elves are gone? Shoot, what happens to the Orcs if the Dark Fairies control anything? We might not have the greatest relationship with the Orcs, but christ, I still want them treated humanely.”

The King looks around briefly before continuing.

"I am truly happy for the both of you, Sorrel, and I am excited to one day call you my son. As much as I hate to say it, right now we need to focus. You took out many of their forces and got out of there unscathed. They aren't happy about that, I can assure you. We need to know when and how they are going to strike. Can you figure that out for us?"

Just then, Sorrel's body morphs into that of a Dark Fairy. Even his voice changes with the appearance.

"I'm sure I can work something out," Sorrel replies in his masked voice before changing back to normal.

"Well, that settles that I guess. We'll be hearing from you soon Sorrel."

“Count on it.”

Julia walks back in the room apologizing for stepping out. She had changed into her night gown.

“Will you be leaving then, darling mine?”

"Yes honey," Sorrel holds her hands in his, "it is getting awfully late. It's back to business tomorrow, for the both of us it seems. I'm going to try to learn more on the Dark Fairies plans."

"Very nice. I wish you luck, sweetie.”

She kisses him passionately.

“Come back. Soon. I’ll miss you.”

“I will, my love,” Sorrel replies.

“I’ll miss you as well.”

With that, Sorrel was gone back to his home in the forest.

Sorrel couldn't get himself to sleep. He stared at the ceiling for hours, wondering if Julia was doing the same. She was. Sorrel stood up and went to his armory, putting on all of his usual gear. He stepped outside the house and began to cast protection charms on his property, on top of the charms that were already in place.

"Cleipeus, corium, odrabice," he muttered until completion of the charms.

Using the warp charm once more, Sorrel appeared outside of Princess Julia's quarters. He walked inside and saw her sleeping, curled up with her hand tucked under her cheek. He took advantage of the situation and began to caress her face.

"Wake up my dear.” he whispered in her ear, causing her to stir slightly.

She opened her eyes and sat up immediately.

"Sorrel!” Julia shouted with joy.

“What time is it?”

“It’s late, my love. I haven’t been home long. I couldn’t stay away.”

“I could hardly fall asleep. I was wishing that you were here with me.”

"I am here now."

She leans in and kisses him.

The two get close and fall asleep in eachother’s embrace.

The next day, Sorrel wakes up beside Julia.

"I can't believe you came back," she says while rubbing the sleep out of her eyes.

"Of course. I'll always be here for you dear.“

"I know,” Julia says through instense blushing.

As is the case every morning, one of the maids knocked on the door shortly after Julia woke up with a cart. On the cart sat a tray with a small morning meal of Julia's usual request, her royal daily attire, and a list of things to do that varied from the everyday tasks.

"Good morning Princess!" The maid said with a smile.

“I've made your usua— Oh! Goodness, I didn't realize you had a man in here. That is a first. My apologies, Princess."

The maid turned and started out the door.

"No no, that's quite all right, Kara," Julia said to the maid.

The maid turned back toward the two and wheeled back with the cart. After closer examination of the man the princess was with, she realized who it was.

"Well I'll be, you're Master Sorrel Graybacker!"

She went to shake his hand. He reached out as well.

"I must say, sir, what an honor it is to meet you." The maid began to pass the princess the list, as well as her tray of food. As she did this she leaned in by Julia's ear.

"I had heard the rumors, but I didn't actually believe them until now. Congratulations, Princess."

She faced Sorrel again.

"You know, Master Graybacker, I knew you when you were a boy. I used to watch after you. You were a rowdy child, but goodness did you grow up to be a fine young man. Your father would be quite proud indeed."

Julia agreed.

"Yes, he would," she said, hugging his arm and laying her head on his shoulder.

Sorrel ran his fingers through her hair and kissed the top of her head. He grabbed the strawberry muffin off of Julia's tray, broke off a piece, and placed it in her mouth as the maid, Kara, continued.

Sorrel stared at the list as he continued to feed Julia, who was still laying on his shoulder and pretending to pay attention to Kara as much as possible. He scanned through the list and muttered quietly.

"Ooh, dismiss the guards currently at the south watch towers," he read.

He poked her nose playfully.

"You're a busy princess, huh?"

"Stop," Julia laughed back at him.

"Anyways," Kara concluded, "lovely meeting you, Master Graybacker! Princess, congratulations again on finding love."

Kara left.

"So, the guards," he said, "and then you are to..."

Sorrel looked down at Julia and continued reading from the list.

"Second, master a new royal dance. Oh, very nice.”

"I almost have it down, actually. You know, if you ever become King, you'll have to master it too."

"Well then that settles it. We are never getting married."

"Hah!" Julia gasped. "Okay, funny man."

"No no... magic man, remember?"

The two laughed for a little longer and finally decided to get up. They got ready, said their farewells, and went on their separate ways for the day.

Julia went to meet her guards, who were just arriving at the palace so that they could go on their rounds and make sure no one was up to no good.

Sorrel had a more dangerous task ahead. 

"Posvorto," he said, transforming him. 

He became a Dark Fairy and transported himself into the Dark Fairy fortress. There, he would spend the rest of the day and part of the night transforming higher and higher up the Dark Fairies commandment until he was told the information he needed. They were certainly not happy with the escape of the Princess from their custody. They were planning to strike. Soon, and hard. Sorrel had to get back immediately and tell the King that they had to prepare. He had to tell the king that in two weeks, if the knights weren’t ready, Larion would fall.

Over the next two weeks, the knights trained hard, the blacksmiths forged many weapons, and the new love shared many moments.

Every day was laid out in much the same way for Sorrel: Wake up and spend an hour or so with Julia, go to the Cabin and tend to the home, go to the training grounds and prepare the knights. Before returning to the castle in the evenings, he would perform maintenance on the cannons, and that was that.

On the training grounds, there was one knight in particular was causing Sorrel a headache.

Clesius, a knight of the King's personal guard, seemed no more skilled with a blade than a commoner. About as clumsy as a dwarf, he was behind in all aspects of the training that Sorrel had arranged for the knights. Being an individual meant to protect Maddock, Sorrel took this personally. After the first few times in which he failed to impress, Sorrel had lost all patience with the knight.

Every day for almost two weeks, while the other knights were running through the training exercises Sorrel had prepared for them, he would take Clesius aside and train him personally. 

This seemed to work a little, but the progress was too slow for the upcoming battle. Clesius would always come out of his training session angry and frustrated. It didn't help that he was being watched by several knights, including Sir Arcas, the head knight.

Realizing time was running thin, with only 8 days remaining until the attack, Sorrel did the only thing he could think might help.

As usual, he arrived on the training grounds, introduced a new, tougher set of training exercises to the knights, and pulled Clesius aside. Clesius drew his sword.

"That won't be necessary today, Clesius," Sorrel stated. "Sheath your blade."

"Sir?"

Clesius sounded confused.

"Clesius, you are a shitty swordsman."

Clecius looked down in dispair. Of course, he knew he was a poor swordsman, but having it stated so blatantly still hurt to hear.

"Do you know how what an honor it is to be chosen as a personal guard for the king? I haven’t the slightest clue how you managed it.”

“Yes, Master Graybacker. You are correct. I have failed the kingdom...”

“No, Clesius. Not yet, you haven’t. If I can help it, you will become stronger than Sir Arcas himself.”

Clesius looked at Sorrel with confusion and admiration.

“The sword is not instrument you have time to master. At your rate, it could take you months or even years to get up to par with your peers.”

He continued.

"I think, perhaps, you may be skilled at other things."

Sorrel turned his back to Clesius and spoke again.

"Have you ever dabbled in magic, Clesius?"

Clesius was taken slightly aback.

"No sir, I cannot say that I have."

"Well then, no time like the present, yes?"

Sorrel turned and threw his hand towards the knight.

"Tachyora!" He shouted, freezing Clesius in time, aware of the world, but unable to interact with it.

Clesius felt an overwhelming terror as the great wizard paced around him.

"Escape, boy! Break my spell!"

Nothing.

"Oh come on, I know you can. I sense a power in you, just waiting to be released. I feel it rising, growing. All you have to do is let it out."

Nothing.

"Break! My! Spell!... Now!"

Nothing.

"Very well. Then this is where you meet your bitter end, boy."

Sorrel grabbed a blade from a nearby knight. At this point, they had all caught wind of the events transpiring and stopped their training to watch.

Sorrel took the blade and charged at Clesius. 

With the blade charging towards him mere feet away, Clesius was desparate to escape the death trap in which he was placed. With whatever willpower he had left, he let loose a fantastic burst of energy, regaining control and leaping out of the way just as the blade went by.

The knights of Larion fell silent in shock and awe. They had never seen such magic from one of their own.

"How did you do that?" One of them said.

"I knew you weren’t suited for the sword,” Sorrel proudly said.

"No Master Graybacker, sir. I don't know how I did that. It was only an accident."

"No dear boy," Sorrel assured, "that was the start of something beautiful."

Over the next week, Clesius and Sorrel practiced magic tirelessly. Poorly as he handled a blade, he inversely quickly caught on to magic. There was no time to master anything, of course. There was, however, enough time to learn a little bit of a lot of different abilities. With a basic understanding of spell-casting, Clesius began to take on the training exercises again, using his blade for some obstacles or tasks, but sheathing it for combat.

On the seventh day (one day until the attack), Clesius stepped into the pit ready for a challenger. Sir Arcas himself stepped in to face him.

Clesius became nervous, but Sorrel was confident in his apprentice.

"Do not fret, young knight. Remain vigilant, keep your composure."

Sir Arcas came at Clesius with ferocity. The two went back and forth for a while, Arcas throwing attacks, Clesius dodging. Arcas came down with his sword over Clesius, and without hesitation, Clesius threw a wave of energy to the ground, propelling Arcas into the air. Clesius stood and cast an inferno spell at the knight, hitting him in the chestplate with a fireball. Sir Arcas was knocked to his back. Before he could get up, Clesius took advantage of the situation.

"Alusius," he shouted, throwing a blast of frozen air at Sir Arcas, freezing his hands and feet to the ground.

Triumphant, Clecius stood over the knight and drew his sword, pointing it at his neck.

"Yield," he said.

"I yield, Clecius. Congratulations, boy. You have bested me."

The knights all congratulated Clesius on how far he had come in such a short time. For the first time, they would be proud to go into battle with him.

Sorrel walked over to Sir Arcas.

"Tabeo," he muttered, melting the ice.

He reached out a hand and pulled the kight to his feet. The two stared at Clesius and spoke amongst themselves.

"He has done well," Sir Arcas said fondly.

"That he has. If he makes it through this battle tomorrow, I would love to take him

under my wing further.”

"That would do well for the kingdom as a whole."

"I believe so."

The knights dispersed and spent their night with their families, knowing this may be the last time they see them. Sorrel returned to Princess Julia that night with a smile on his face and regaled her of Clesius' achievement.

The two spoke for a while, ate dinner, and retreated to Julia's quarters for the night.

"Sorrel," she said with a somber tone, "what if you don't come back tomorrow?"

He raised an eyebrow and sat next to her on the bed.

"I'm.. not going to," he said. "Please believe me."

"I know you’ll probably be fine. Surely you’ve seen much more deadly battles than this... but what if the universe simply doesn’t shine good fortune on you tomorrow."

"Julia...”

"Sorrel, you may be a wizard of incredible power with potent magic abilities, but the fact remains you're still human. You aren't invincible. You won't get a second chance at life."

He was silent for a while.

"What is it you want me to say?" he asked.

"I want you to say that the universe is going to shine a light on all your potential good deeds and acts of chivalry and that somehow, some way, you'll pull out the win tomorrow."

"Sweetheart... I will always return to you. No matter what, I promise you... I will."

"I want to believe it. No, I do believe it. I cannot help but worry though. Never have I been so fortunate to have someone to love. Someone to love me. I know who you are, I know what you're capable of, and I know what you've accomplished. I only fear that one day your luck with run poor, and I'll lose the most important thing in my life."

Sorrel moved closer to her and pulled her in close. Looking down at her with loving eyes, he spoke.

"I'm not going anywhere, darling. I promise you, I will always come back to you."

She looked up at him, and he bent down to kiss her. The pair embraced in silence, holding each other as if it could very well be the last time they ever get to do so.

Julia rocked to her toes and kissed Sorrel. She couldn't find the words, so instead she took his face in her hands and kissed him again.

"I love you," she said quietly, before kissing him one more time.

"I love you," he reciprocated.

The pair embraced once again and slowly drifted off to sleep, still holding each other.

When Julia woke up, Sorrel was already up and readying for battle. It was still dark out. It couldn’t have been later than three in the morning.

"Honey?" she questioned.

"Hm?" he grunted, walking over to her.

"Be careful out there today. I expect you back here in this bed tonight.”

He lifted her chin up and looked into her eyes, which were full of worry.

"It's going to be alright. I will make sure of it." He kissed her forehead and headed out the door.

Julia laid down and drifted off to sleep pondering what was to come.

She woke up at noon. She showered, got dressed, ate a quick lunch, and drank some water.

In the distance she could hear the clatter of steel and the intermittent boom of the cannon.

She ran to the throne room in search of the King. She found him in his throne, his eyes full of worry. The lights in the room were dim, and the air cold.

"Daddy," she inquired, "what's wrong?"

"The Dark Fairies attacked earlier than anticipated. Much earlier. The only one prepared at the time was Sorrel."

Julia's face went phale white and her eyes widened.

"What are you saying, daddy?"

"He went out to face them alone. Thousands of them. It was 20 minutes before the first wave of knights was prepared to go out and join him. There is no telling whether he survived or not. I fear the worst, my dear."

She couldn't believe her ears. She had just seen him this morning, and now her father was telling her that the love of her life may be dead.

"No. No, he's alive, father. I'm sure of it."

"But how can you be so certain?"

"Because he promised me he would come back... he promised."

Clesius was fighting passionately, casting any spell he knew to make it through the hoard. The King had told him of Sorrel's lone venture that morning, and he put it upon himself to find out whether his mentor was, in fact, alive. He worked his way far into the battlefield through enemy forces.

A group of Dark Fairies noticed the magical knight blowing past their forces and charged him at once from the air.

Distracted with the fairies in front of him and trying to search for his mentor, they caught him off guard.

A figure went leaping through the air, taking the attackers out in an instant. A mostly transparent shield of energy conjured itself around Clesius.

He turned in shock.

"Master Graybacker!" he shouted over the roar of battle.

The wizard entered the protective barrier.

"You're doing well, kid. You better see your way through this whole thing alive."

He nodded. His eyes were fixated upon the forces ahead.

The two spoke while standing back-to-back fighting off Dark Fairies.

“The King thinks you dead, sir!.”

“What?”

“Yes, sir. I had to see for myself. He was unsure that you survived all that time battling alone.”

“That’s no good. If Maddock belives me dead, he has probably passed the same worry to the princess.”

“What—Ungh”

He paused to focus on the fight for a moment.

“What are you going to do, Master Graybacker?”

“Nothing. Can’t afford to right now. I just need to hope that they remain strong.”

The two split and continued to battle. Clesius concerned himself with protecting his fellow knights, while Sorrel was focused on finding the Dark Fairies leader. If Sorrel could take him down or hold him hostage, the fighting would hopefully cease.

The fairies were a wise race. With a life expectancy of up to 400 years, they had plenty of experience in most areas. This made him tough and strategic. The most strategic among them was their leader, Draou. 232 years old, he was in his prime, and at his most deadly.

More hours of warfare passed, and Sorrel came across a Dark Fairy fighting off Laronian knights with ease. It was Draou. At least 30 nights lay dead at his feet, and more were sure to come.

"Draou!" Sorrel screamed as the Boots of the Wind allowed him to leap far into the sky and float there for a moment. As he was still hovering, he spoke.

"It's me you want, right? I am the only hinderace from power for the Dark Fairies? Come and get me then."

Sorrel was creeped out by the unnatural voice of this creature. It was like every fairytale of goblins and sprites meeting with an ugly demise.

He spoke.

"Finally, the all powerful Sorrel Graybacker. This day will be you last, human."

As Draou shot into the sky to meet Sorrel, the temporary flight of the Boots of the Wind wore off, and Sorrel began to fall towards the Earth.

He drew the Mystical Blade of Necromancy from his back. "This blade is the master of all death," he thought to himself.

"Capable of killing even a spirit, one taste of this blade will surely kill Draou. I need only to hit him."

As the two met in the air, Sorrel swung at the Dark Fairy, which he managed to evade.

Draou cackled and swooped in for another attack from behind, just as Sorrel was landing. He struck the wizard with a force enough to launch him a fifty yards. Sorrel climbed back to his feet and saw Draou swooping in from the front.

Quickly, he jumped backwards, combining acrobatics and combat to deliver a powerful kick to the chin. 

Draou was thrown into the air, and Sorrel leaped up to his level. Draou grabbed Sorrel’s neck and flew in the air. Sorrel’s time was fleeting quickly. He pulled his blade out, but Draou grabbed it from him and threw it behind himself.

"Heh," Sorrel muttered with his last breaths, "you lose."

"What?" Draou said, concern quickly apparent in his tone.

Sorrel closed his fist and his sword was summoned back to him. It tore through the air at lightning speed unti it was stopped by Draou's body.

Impaled and defeated, Draou managed a final few words.

"That was good... I did not see that coming," he said weakly.

The Dark Fairy released his grip on Sorrel's throat and plummeted to the ground. Fighting ceased as the great wizard slowly descended to the ground, once again proving himself to all that oppose him.

There was silence for a moment.

"Fairies retreat!" A random Dark Fairy's voice screeched over the battlefield.

The forces retreated, some falling to the knights on their way out.Sorrel resheathed his sword and picked up Draou’s body, leading Larion’s forces back to the kingdom. To the King’s amazement, Sorrel bursted into the throne room with Clesius, who rejoined the King’s guard. Sorrel placed the body on the table in front of the throne. 

“The batle is won, Maddock. This war is over...”

"At long last," rejoiced the King.

Julia was wandering the courtyard when she noticed the knights had returned. As fast as she could, she rushed to the throne room.

"Did we win," she burst through the door shouting. Then she saw her beloved Sorrel standing there.

"Sorrel! Oh thank God. We were so worried."

He grabbed her around the waist, pulled her in, and placed a kiss on her lips.

"I told you I'd come back."

"I'm sorry I ever doubted it."

"Honey..." she started in an optimistic tone, "...what happened to Draou."

He stared at the body.

“I ended the war,” he said brazenly.

"Jesus. It's really over?"

Sorrel nodded.

"Four long years we've been after Draou," she said.

"Thank god for you, yet again Sorrel," the king delighted. "I assume you'll stay longer to enjoy the kingdom's victory?"

"Yes, yes," he said. "I'll stay a few days, certainly. Is it possible I could see Julia alone for a moment?"

"Why of course, my friend! Forgive me." The king steps out of the room, leaving Sorrel and Julia alone.

"You know dear," Sorrel starts, "I'm not always so sure I'm coming back either."

Julia listens to him in wonder.

He continues.

"Every time I embark on some dangerous quest, a daring adventure, an overwhelming battle... I do so knowing full well that it may be my last."

"But you're doing it anyway."

He nods.

"That is who I am. I think my father had the same mentality. Just as he did, I would give my life to protect those that cannot protect themselves."

"I understand, my love. Just as I would do anything for this kingdom. I understand.”

"Good. I'm glad you do. I need you to."

"No matter what the future holds, I will love you. When you are called to action, I won't try to stop you. You have my support, always."

They kiss once more before stepping out of the throne room. Hand in hand, they step out into the courtyard and find themselves greeted my the knights, guards, and citizens of the kingdom.”

The congregation begins to cheer for Sorrel, commending his triumph for the land.

The night is drank away by kingdom as a whole. For the first time in four years, Larion was finally at peace.

Sorrel would stay a few days in the kingdom to enjoy its celebration. After the king begged him to stay longer, he accepted his request, saying he would stay a few more days.

With each passing month, Julia and Sorrel grew closer, their love blooming in new ways they never thought possible.

Sorrel ended up returning to his home in the forest, but the pair made an effort each day to see eachother.

A year goes by. Then two. Things are quiet and stable in the world. Larion's forces stay vigilant and prepared, but ultimately, nothing comes. With all of their hatred for the kingdom, the Orcs have remained quiet. Their king, who had been locked in the dungeons underneath Larion since the end of the 5 Year Orc War is a model prisoner these days. He is even granted time to roam the kingdom freely twice a week. As far as rehabilitation goes, he was an extraordinary succes, and is practically a Laronian citizen.

Once a week, Clesius still visits the cabin to practice his magic with Sorrel. Over the last two years he has become quite the wizard. He now leads the knights of Larion over Sir Arcas, who respectfully gave up his position some months prior.

As it goes, of course, the longer the calm, the bigger the storm.

Julia and Sorrel awake in his bed at his forest home. It is early, and Sorrel is anxious to get the day started. The couple had talked about making the trek up Mt. Noalphando since the dawn of their pairing, but never actually had. The rare dragonbreath orchid was in bloom and lining the inside of the volcano at this time of year. He could think of no better way to finally propose to his princess.

They pack up a picnic basket and an aged bottle of wine. Sorrel charms it to levitate and follow loosely behind them. With that, they head off. Sorrel leaves behind his magical gear. He hadn't needed it for a long time. The only thing he carried with him was the ring we was to propose with.

The journey up the volcano was long and difficult, but together, they enjoyed every moment of it. After five hours, the summit was finally in sight. With only another half hour to go, they paused on a flat spot and had lunch. They laughed and joked all the while as they ate the new recipe that Julia used on her pie. A little drunken on the wine, everything seemed funnier than it was. She was happy. That was the most important thing to Sorrel right now.

"Julia dear, the dragonbreath orchids are in bloom this time of year, you know?"

"I know! I'm so excited to see them! Aren't you?"

"I'm so excited."

The smile she throws his was is so genuine and beautiful. He feels a warmth fill his heart at the mere sight of her, and the thought of what is to come.

They head up the mountain once more. They are so close to the summit. Julia is practically jumping up and down with excitement. She had heard for so long how beautiful the sight is, and was finally going to see it for herself. Sorrel was both nervous and ecstatic. Moments away from the top, they were both excited for different reasons. Closer still to the top. The air felt warmer than expected, but it was a bright sunny day in September, the hottest month of the year.

The were taking their final steps up. With the release of this air held in for so long, Sorrel lets out a long sigh. Both Julia and he slow down their pace to match.

"I can't wait to see this," Julia says.

She runs ahead with excitement and reachest the top. She freezes.

“How is it,” Sorrel asks.

Julia stays silent and frozen.

“Honey?” Sorrel becomes worried and sprints up to meet her. The two stand at the edge of the crater horrified.

Any vegetation that was in the volcano is now burnt to a crisp. All that remains is ash. Crater is half full of boiling rock from within the Earth.

"Oh no..." Sorrel says.

He holds Julia by her hands and looks her in the eyes, focused and serious.

"Julia, we need to go. Right now."

She nods shakily, unable to produce words.

He grabs her in his arms and sprints to the steepest side of the mountain, leaping off with all his might. They soar off the mountain at terrifying speed. Sorrel throws her away from him and opens up his body. One by one, his relics all furiously fly towards him. First the Boots of the Wind, followed suit by the Gauntlets of the Giants, the Warp Charm, and the Mystical Sword of Necromancy.

Free falling, Julia screams for her life, holding her hand out towards Sorrel, whom she is quickly gaining distance away from.

"I'm coming!" Sorrel shouts. 

Just then, a tremendous boom is heard from directly behind him. The side of Mt. Noalphando had been blown off by an eruption. Chucks of debris were flying at him and Julia.

"Fuck me," he complains.

He teleports to Julia, grabs her, and uses the Boots of the Wind to glide to the ground, all while dodging constant hellfire from the volcano.

Just before touching down to the ground, a chunck of the mountain hits Sorrel in the back of the head, knocking him unconscious. Julia touches the ground safely, while Sorrel's unconscious body smacks the ground and tumbles, as well as knocking the ring out of his pocket, landing at her feet.

She sees the ring and picks it up. Immediately, she begins to cry out.

"Sorrel! Come back to me! Please baby... I can't lose you."

Sorrel begins to cough, regaining consciousness.

Julia pockets the ring before he notices he no longer has it and helps him to his feet.

"Come on, baby. Get up. God, are you okay, sweetheart?"

"I'm good," he says, flashing the Ring of Regeneration.

"We need to get to Larion."

He grabs her and the two teleport to the kingdom.

"Maddock!" Sorrel yells through a panicked crowd.

"Sorrel! Is that you!?"

"It's me! You need to evacuate the kingdom immediately. The next explosion could very well swallow Larion whole."

"Already on it! Can you fight this?"

"Maybe! Definitely not alone. Where is Clesius?

"The castle gates, probably! He is evacuating the castle!"

Like a blur, Sorrel sprints to the castle gates to find Clesius in a panic.

"Clesius, what's going on?"

"The drawbridge won't lower! The mechanism is broken."

"Move away."

Sorrel leaps to the top of the raised bridge and grabs the top through the small space between the bridge and the wall. With the Gauntlets of the Giants granting him unfathomable strength, he tugs at the bridge and brings it down.

People flood out of the castle.

"Clesius," Sorrel demands, "come with me."

"Of course, Master Graybacker. Where are we going?"

"Up."

Clesius freezes in place and stares up at the volcano.

"Yes, Clesius, that's right."

"Damnit. We're going to fight a fucking volcano..."

Sorrel warps them back to Julia, whom he kisses again and tells to stay safe and get as far away as possible. He and Clesius warp up the volcano and assess the damage.

A moderate lava flow has burned through the forest turning it to ash. Sorrel hopes his enchantments were enough to protect his home, but figures that it is also probably ash. There's a chance the entire mountain could erupt at any time and destroy the surrounding area. The wizards need to act quick.

"What do we do, sir?" Questions Clesius.

Sorrel things for a moment, and speaks.

"We go in."

Clesius looks at his master as if he is insane.

"You're serious?"

"I am. We go in as deep as we can and blast a new path open deep in the Earth. Lava levels drastically drop up here as the magma funnels into the pool. We come back up and freeze the lava that remains."

Clesius is stunned at the intricacy of the plan, but knows that if done correctly, it will work.

"Stick close to me, boy. Visibility will little to none down there."

Clesius stands less than a foot from his master as he casts a spell.

"Ignemortem," Sorrel says, casting a shield from the fire around them.

"This is still gonna be hot, kid. Just stay focused."

"Yes, master."

"Now, when we get down there, the spell is ‘deleo maxima'. Make sure you cast a shield spell before you use that spell."

They take eachother's hands and leap into the pit.

They gently hit the ground, and Sorrel blasts a hole in the lava. Before it has a chance to close, the pair leap into the magma. Unable to see a thing, the two hold onto eachother and swim down for several minutes, casting the cratering spell every time they make constact with a wall. Several minutes more pass and they stop moving. They pick a spot on the wall and blast it many many times. Every time they do, more magma floods into the expanding crater, dragging them farther in with it. After casting the spell several dozens of time, Sorrel grabs his apprentice tightly and teleports the both of them out to the surface.

The pair of them stand over a nearly empty crater that was minutes ago filled near the brim with boiling rock. They sweat profusely and pant heavily. They look down at the kingdom and see that some of the lava overflowed and reached the kingdom while they were under. The castle and lower class areas are safe, but much of the upper class shops and properties are burnt to a crisp.

Sorrel and Clesius together summon a massive amount of energy and release it into the crater, freezing the lava up to 20 feet below.

"Ha! That should do it nicely," Sorrel says, collapsing to the ground.

He looks up at his apprentice who nods back. The pair of them begin to climb out of the still burning pit.

They warp back to the kingdom gates. Sorrel projects a beam of bright white light into the sky against the evening bkack and the two await the return of the citizens.

While waiting, Sorrel reaches into his pocket and notices the missing ring.

"Shit... I lost the ring in there."

Soon, Julia appears over the valley hill and runs to Sorrel.

The king arrives and commerates the two heros in front of everyone. While Clesius enjoys the attention, Sorrel walks away to speak to Julia.

"I'm so sorry, Julie."

"Whatever for, honey? You've saved the kingdom yet again."

"Today was supposed to be special for you..."

"Don't worry about the orchids, baby. It's okay."

"No... not that. I had something for you, but I lost it."

Julia smirks.

"Damn. Sorry buddy, that must be really rough. Anyways, I'll see you later. I'm going to go cheer for this Clesius guy. I hear he's a hero or something."

She whips around and drops the ring from her pocket as she does, then walks away.

"Son of a bitch," Sorrel says in amazement, "that is one hell of a woman."

He bends down and grabs the ring. He then pulls the king aside to talk.

"Maddock," he begins, "respected king, my oldest friend, and the father to the woman I love..."

He stops and opens his hand at his waist, revealing the ring.

Without hesitation, Maddock reacted.

"Yes."

"You mean it?"

Maddock puts a hand on Sorrel's shoulder.

"Sorrel, dear boy, there is no man more worthy of my daughter, or is there any woman more worthy of you. You have my blessing a hundred times over."

Just then, a single dragonbreath orchid flutters to the ground at their feet.

Sorrel smiles with excitement, collects himself, and walks up to the front of the crowd, politely asking his apprentice to join the rest.

"Ladies and gentlemen, I do apologize for the interruption, but there is something I must do."

He looks at Julia.

"Princess, would you please come up here?"

She smiles and slowly approaches him. The closer she gets, the further down he knees, until eventually reaching the ground. The people of the kingdom fall silent, some making sounds of adoration.

"Julia," he reveals the ring from behind his back, "my love?"

"Yes. Of course!"

He places the ring onto her finger and they embrace. She kisses his cheeks, neck, lips, nose... whatever she could reach, really.

The crowd cheers, and the years pass.

"Daddy," the young Lily Graybacker says, "what happens next?"

"Well," Sorrel returns, "there were many more dangers, trials, and tribulations that faced the great wizard, but he wasn't facing them alone anymore. He had friends, he had a new home, and he had a loving, supportive wife by his side."

"Wow," she says.

"Tell me again about the 5 Year Orc War!"

Sorrel laughs.

"You're too much, sweetheart. I think I've said quite enough. Why don't you ask your brother? He has heard the story many times."

Sorrel raises his head to the hallway behind him.

"Riley!" He shouts.

"Yeah, Dad?" A voice replies from behind a closed door.

"Your little sister has a question or two. Why don't you come out here, buddy."

"Coming!"

Sorrel gets up from the chair and sits Lily in the seat. He walks into the kitchen and walks behind his wife standing at the sink, placing his hand on hers and hugging her waist. With his chin on her shoulder, he speaks to her.

"What do you think, honey?"

"What about," she responds.

"What do you say we go visit the cemetery tomorrow? You know, pay our respects. It would give us a good excuse to hike up Mt. Noalphando for more dragonbreath orchids."

"I would love to," she says, turning her head to kiss her husband. They smile at eachother for awhile, then pull away.

Sorrel goes out to the balcony overlooking his kingdom's courtyard and closes his eyes, releasing a sigh of content.