You lie next to your naked girlfriend on the bed, staring at the ceiling and panting slightly from your exertions. Neither of you speak, preferring to reflect in silence on your recent earth-shattering lovemaking.

You give yourself a mental pat on the back. Once again, you’ve treated Rachel to the best fuck of her life. She’s a very lucky girl to have such a considerate lover as you.

After a little while, she speaks. “Ross?” she asks, in a voice that sounds slightly tentative.

“Yeah babe?” you reply.

“Was that good for you?” she asks carefully. “I mean, was it really good?”

Oh dear, she’s obviously experiencing a bit of self-doubt. Women are like that. You have to constantly reassure them that they’re attractive and worthy of banging.

“Don’t worry babe, you were awesome,” you reply. And it’s true — you really do quite enjoy sticking your penis into this girl. Some day you might marry her so you can keep on doing it.

“Um, that’s not quite what I meant,” says Rachel nervously. “Is there maybe something else you’d like to try? You know, something a little different. Something a bit more… adventurous?”

You frown. Could this be some kind of trap? You’d better play it safe. “No… not really…” you venture. There’s no way that you’re telling Rachel what you’re really into. You make a mental note to delete your browser history.

“It’s just that there’s something that I’d really like to try,” she says, snuggling up to you and gently stroking your chest. Her bare breasts press against your side.

You’re intrigued. What kinky stuff does your girlfriend want to do? You run through the possibilities in your head, getting more and more excited as they occur to you. Could it be missionary with the lights on? Or maybe missionary with the lights partly dimmed? How about missionary, but she keeps her panties on? Or missionary and you keep your underpants on? It might even be missionary but the both of you keep your underwear on. You try to imagine how that would work. Is it even possible?

“Babe, I’d do anything to make you happy,” you say truthfully. “Don’t be shy. Tell me what you want, and I’ll try to make it happen.”

Rachel bites her lip nervously, then raises herself up so she can look you in the eye. She looks at you intently, then takes a deep breath and blurts it out. 

“I want us to have sex with your step-sister Amy!” blurts Rachel.

You are shocked to hear your girlfriend suggest something like that. You have always been very close to your step-sister, and it’s true that the two of you had fooled around a bit when you were younger. But you had always thought it was a well kept secret.

“What are you talking about!” You sit up in bed, as if accused.

“Don’t be silly, Amy was a good friend of mine, long before you and I got together. She told me everything about your adventures when you guys were at the university.”

“What! Wait, no… What did she tell you?”

“Well, only that you used to fool around a bit when you were drunk, no details really. It always turned me on to think about the two of you together, and it’s been a secret fantasy of mine ever since.” 

“If that’s what you really want,” you hear yourself saying. You’re surprised to realize how horny this makes you, to think about having your step-sister Amy in bed again with your girlfriend.

There was a time when you felt guilty and ashamed of what you and your sister had done at Uni. But even if you have been trying to forget the past, your body still remembers everything. You can feel your cock stiffening between your legs as you and your girlfriend talk about your sister.

“I love you Rachel, I’d do anything to make you happy,” you say as you lean in between her legs and slide your tongue inside her vagina. “Let’s do this, let’s call her right away, before we have second thoughts.”

She leans down in bed and reaches for the phone. As you work your tongue up and down her pussy you hear the signals in the other end of the line, and then Amy answers.

Images of the university years with your sister in the dorm start pooling back into your memory. You hadn’t thought about those days for a long time, but that was a great time. You find Rachel’s clitoris and start working it as she is on the phone with your sister.

“Ummmmm … Hi Amy … mmm” says Rachel, biting her lips and pausing between her breaths. “I’m sorry to … call this late … uunghh … I was just wondering if you would … (aaaahhh) … if you would like to come over … ungh … there’s something me and … (ooohh) … Ross … would like to talk to you abo…oouut!”

You enjoy listening to your girlfriend trying to have a normal conversation on the phone as you lick her pussy.

“Sure Rachel, are you alright, you sound kind of distressed?” your sister replies.

“No … I’m fi… hiiiine!” moans Rachel as you plunge both your fingers into her wet pussy and start to rub her g-spot. “Just hurry, get here!”

Rachel climaxes just after she ends the conversation. Afterwards she lies panting on your arm, smiling happily.

You think of what a great woman Rachel is and how much you love her. Still you can also remember the awkwardness of waking up beside your sister, with a terrible hangover, knowing that you have done something you promised yourself never to do again.

But this time it will be different — this time it’s your girlfriend who actually wants you to do it all together.

“That was so naughty of you,” says Rachel, “And so exciting. It was almost as if she was here in bed with us. I am so looking forward to tasting her pussy.”

Perhaps you think, as you kiss your girlfriend’s sweet lips, that’s why you started dating your sister’s best friend, because you never really were over your sister.

Rachel smiles at you, and you can’t help to think that she is the most beautiful woman you’ve ever seen. Except for your step-sister Amy of course. 

It is past eleven when the doorbell rings and your step-sister Amy shows up on your doorstep. You and Rachel have had ample time to get dressed and work out a strategy to get Amy in bed before the night is over.

“You guys better have a very good reason to drag me out in this storm!” says Amy as you open the door.

You let your sister in and take her wet coat. Her long blond hair and her clothes are soaking wet from the pouring rain outside. Still, you can’t help but realize how good she smells.

“I’m sorry sis, of course we wouldn’t have called you if we didn’t think it was really important. How have you been? It’s been a long time.”

“Do you want a drink or something?” you ask your step-sister, trying to be friendly. “It might help ease the shock of what we tell you.”

“Sure,” Amy replies, looking confused “Do you have any red wine?”

Rachel darts from the room to the kitchen. She knows where the expensive alcohol is kept better than you. “So, what did you drag me out here for?” your sister asks.

“Like I said, it’s better if you have a drink when you hear it. I’m sorry to run you around like this but it’s a necessary evil,” you apologize.

Your sister clearly isn’t impressed. Your girlfriend comes back into the room and hands Amy a glass of red wine. Amy takes a sip and says “Okay, what’s the matter?”

Rachel starts off. “Well, Amy we’ve been best friends since forever. Lately, I’ve been wanting to scratch an itch that I need your help with.”

Amy looks more confused still, so you just come straight out with it. “Amy, Rachel wants to have a threesome with you and me.”

Now your sister looks like she’s been slapped in the face with a fish. It’s almost cute. “W-what?” she asks, shocked.

“You know those times that you told me you had with Ross?” Rachel asks her. “In university?”

“Rachel, that was then!” Amy replies, still shocked at the prospect of a threesome with her best friend and her step-brother. “A lot has changed since those days.”

You decide to speak your mind. After all, it worked when you met Rachel for the first time. 

Amy looks straight at you with her big green eyes, without nodding or blinking. “Yes it has, brother,” she says, “It’s been a very long time.” 

“Why don’t you lick Rachel’s pussy?” you suggest. “You always talked about being with another woman. Here’s your chance. I can watch and join in later if you feel comfortable.”

“I guess we could try that,” your sister replies, glancing at Rachel with a flush.

“Brilliant!” Rachel beams.

With a rush of excitement Rachel approaches Amy. She’s about to have her fantasy fulfilled and isn’t wasting any time. Urgently, she pulls your sister into a passionate kiss.

Amy seems hesitant at first but as the kiss continues she starts to kiss back hard. You watch as your sister and your girlfriend start to grope each other’s breasts.

As they begin to undress each other you make yourself comfortable. You pull out your stiffening cock and begin stroking it as the pair move to the bed.

You sigh as they unsnap each other’s bras and their breasts are revealed. The familiar sight of Rachel’s tits is pleasing but you’ve not seen your sister’s in a long time. She looks as good as she always did.

Your girlfriend lies on top of your sister and they grind their crotches into each other, still kissing and caressing.

Soon enough they are completely naked and they move into a sixty nine position. Amy is on her hands and knees facing away from you. As Rachel climbs under her legs and starts lapping at your sister’s exposed pussy she meets your eyes and smiles.

Taking this as your cue you approach the bed, stroking your now rock hard dick. You begin stroking Amy’s ass with your free hand. Too engrossed in eating your girlfriend’s pussy, your sister doesn’t seem to notice.

How should you play this? Your sister’s really enjoying this but how will she react? Would she want you to just start fucking her or will that freak her out and ruin it? Maybe you should join Rachel and start licking her pussy. 

“Fuck it,” you decide. You walk over and grab your step-sister Amy’s ass and start having a feel. She shows no sign of resentment so you continue. You spit on your sister’s ass and it slides down her crack to her perfectly tight hole. Before she can stop to say anything you slide your notably hard cock right into her ass and start pounding away. You remember how much your sister loves anal so you slam hard and deep.

Amy turns around in astonishment, “I don’t remember saying you could stick that in meeeeeeeeeee… Ross, you can’t just doooo —” Your sister’s words are halted by another hard slam into her ass.

“You were saying?” you ask as you continue to fuck your sister’s tight little asshole.

“To hell with it, fuck me, slap my ass.”

You oblige her request as your girlfriend lifts her neck up and begins sucking your balls as best she can. Amy begins to finger your girlfriend’s pussy and moans, “That’s right, fuck it, fuck your little sister’s asshole!”

As Rachel continues to finger Amy’s pussy, she stops sucking your balls to announce she is cumming. She moans in orgasm and collapses to the floor for only a brief moment before getting up and to give you a long and passionate kiss.

“Are you enjoying this Amy?” your girlfriend asks. All Amy can get out is a screaming cry of joy as she too is cumming. Her body starts to shiver and she bites her lip to prevent herself from screaming again.

“I wanna taste my ass on your cock,” Amy says and gets onto her knees. Rachel starts fingering her pussy as she watches your step-sister slurp on your wet dick. Amy begins deep-throating your hard cock and you feel as if you are about to explode.

You tell Rachel to come join your sister and you begin rapidly jerking your cock over their faces. Cum shoots out of your dick and lands in your girlfriend’s mouth and all over her tits. The two girls giggle and start kissing and swapping cum to each other making sure not a drop is left out.

As they continue to enjoy your cum, you get your cock ready to give your girlfriend a turn, she’s been very patient in letting you tear apart your sister. 

You instruct your girlfriend to get on her hands and knees in front of you facing Amy so that she can lick your step-sister’s pussy as you fuck her from behind. Rachel looks as happy as can be as she gets into position and wiggles her gorgeous derriere in front of you, waiting to have it pounded.

You slide into her from behind and she’s so incredibly wet that her normally tight pussy glides you in with little to no resistance and your balls begin slapping against her as you thrust over and over.

Rachel is loudly licking and sucking your sister’s pussy as you hammer away. As you look up at Amy and her beautiful face contorted in the throes of a gushing orgasm you think back to all those times back at Uni when you would pump her velvet pussy all night long, even if you’d never it admit it to your girlfriend the sex itself, combined with the forbidden pleasure of it all, was the best you’d ever had.

Amy is now looking up at you to, her brilliant green eyes locked on yours and it’s as if you’re fucking her through Rachel, who has continued to suck and slurp your sister’s pussy while you continue to pound away at her. You and your sister can’t seem to break this eye contact and that’s okay because as you give everything you have to fucking your girlfriend all you can imagine is your cock being where its secretly wanted to be again since University.

Rachel has an intense grunting orgasm as you pound her mercilessly for a few more moments. Once you pull out of her she falls into a heap as she tries to collect herself after that mind shattering orgasm. You remain on your knees, your hard cock still jutting straight out looking swollen and angry and slick with Rachel’s juices. Your sister Amy is eyeing it hungrily and, without a word, she launches herself at you, wrapping her arms and legs around your torso. Her face nearly smashes into yours when she hits you and suddenly her lips are on yours and her tongue is dancing around in your mouth.

You reach a hand underneath to angle your cock upwards and she slides down so that that tip is pressing against her pussy. She pulls back a bit from the kiss so you can look into each other’s eyes as your cock finally, after all this time, is back inside the best pussy you ever felt.

You feel a primal and lustful urge as you begin to fuck your sister as hard as you can, still on your knees with her held against you her arms and legs wrapped around, helping her to meet your thrusts with all she has. You’re both growling and grunting as you just can’t seem to fuck her hard, fast or deep enough for either of you.

Your girlfriend is watching in awe as the two of you rut like wild beasts. It’s the most intense sex you’ve ever had. You register somewhere deep in your mind that you’re going to cum but it doesn’t matter as you let loose a torrent of hot sticky love inside her. You don’t even pause, you just keep thrusting and growling and grunting, she feels you cum and has her own whirlwind orgasm, but like you she doesn’t stop fucking.

Rachel is now also up on her knees and is next to the two of you. She has both of her index fingers in her mouth with a devilish look on her face. She moves almost like she’s trying hug you and your sister while you continue to fuck, when suddenly you feel an unfamiliar sensation — unfamiliar but pleasurable as your girlfriend has stuck her finger in your asshole! You can’t see it but judging by the positioning of her arm she has a finger jammed up your sister’s ass as well — in fact you can feel it through the thin skin between your sister’s pussy and asshole.

You and Amy seem to have the same idea as you each take a hand from around each other and she sticks her finger in Rachel’s asshole and you start rubbing her clit.

The three of you are one big writhing mass of humanity as you continue to fuck, finger, fondle and kiss each other until you all reach a big simultaneous orgasm that is more intense than anything any of you has ever experienced.

After its all over you and Rachel decide that your step-sister should move in. You get to have the most amazing sex of your life for the next few months until it all falls apart, but that’s a story for another day… 