You finally arrive at the subway station, and walk down the steps. As you walk, you continue to notice more men staring at you. Although you can remember what it was like to be a guy, it still feels wrong.

You step onto the subway train, ready for the long journey. People shuffle in behind you, and the train fills up quickly. You’re still uneasy about the situation. You don’t like having to stand still in this body, it makes you feel vulnerable.

You’ve heard of all sorts of things happening to women on trains, but you never really thought about it. When you were male, you preferred the shadows and confinement an alleyway provided, rather than the public setting of a train.

You stand there on the train, holding one of the little straps to keep yourself steady. Due to your shortened height, you’re not able to see over the gigantic crowd of men. You feel more than a little bit claustrophobic in your tight leggings and small sweatshirt, men surrounding you on all sides, except for the front. In the front, you’re facing the side of the train.

A rather rude man to your left seems to be very interested in your chest, looking directly at your cleavage. He glances at your face and smiles, then goes back to staring. It’s disgusting.

Suddenly, you feel something slide across your ass. You brush it off as nothing, but then it comes back. You recognize it as somebody’s hand! Is this really happening? Doesn’t he know you’re a guy?

You try to push his hand away, but he’s too strong. He starts rubbing your butt through the tight leggings, his hand traveling across your body. You look around, but there’s no one to save you. Just perverted men, watching it play out.

He squeezes your ass roughly, and you shudder. The creep brings his other hand up to rest on your ass, and slaps it, forcing you to let out a little yelp. He continues to squeeze your ass through your leggings, despite your resistance.

He moves his hands up to your hips, and starts forcing you to grind your body against his rock hard cock. You’ve naturally started to bend over, as he’s pulling your ass backwards into him.

He starts to shift his hands again, unzipping your sweatshirt and groping one of your large breasts through your tank top. His hand slips under the top, and he squeezes you roughly. The other hand slides down into your leggings, as he starts to rub his finger across your newly acquired cunt through your panties. Your breathing gets heavy.

You close your eyes in shame as the man violates your body. Do all women have to deal with this? Is this going to happen every time you ride a train? How far is he going to take this? You can’t help but find yourself slightly aroused...

“N-no... Stop...” you plead between breaths, as your panties start to grow wet.

“C’mon slut, you know you love it... you probably dressed in those tight little pants just to attract guys like me...” he whispers in your ear.

“No, I...” before you finish, he slips his hand into your panties, and slides two fingers inside of you. You feel completely helpless.

It’s too much to bear, and you can’t take it anymore. You spread your legs out and push your ass against him, letting him molest you. His fingers are twisting and twirling inside of you,

“Damn bitch, you’re just hungry for this cock, aren’t you?” He says. You feel violated, and scared. He pulls your sweater up above your breasts, and you hear an unzipping behind you. You stay bent over, afraid to move. You feel your leggings being cut, and your panties being pushed to the side. This man is going to rape you.

His long, thick cock probes the entrance of your vagina, preparing to penetrate you. You look back at him to see a dark smirk, as he gets ready to thrust. He brings his hands around to grope your boobs, roughly squeezing them over your black, lacy bra.

He thrusts hard, filling you to the brim with his 8” rod. All you can do is bend over and take it. You’d always been dominant during sex. Now you’re being bent over and forced to take a cock. The humiliation you feel is unbearable. So is the pleasure.

You let out pleasure filled moans, having lost all control over yourself. Your rapist places a firm slap on your ass, and continues pounding your tight cunt.

“I knew you were a little slut... I just had to get you going.”

He starts to pick up the pace, and you realize the severity of the situation. You could get pregnant, right? You don’t plan on being a girl for long, but if it doesn’t work out, you could wind up pregnant...

“Stop! Wait! Don’t cum in me, please! Don’t cum inside me!” You plead with the man.

Your pleas were not answered, however. The man lets out one final grunt, and his seed shoots up into your fertile womb, covering your insides with his sticky goo. He places one last slap on your ass, and slides out of you. You drop to your knees, exhausted.

You have to get off this train, and you definitely need some new pants. The ones you’re currently wearing have a hole in their crotch.
Eventually, he slides his hand out of your panties, and brings his other hand out from your tank top. He grabs you by the shoulders, and spins you around. He looks you in the eyes, and you look at him. He look... nasty. A forty something year old man, chubby, and he has a receding hairline. Heavily receding. He pulls you in close and forces a kiss on you.

You don’t kiss him back, but he’s totally absorbed by your face, he slides his hands down your back, and squeezes your buttocks again, pulling you in even closer. His hands slide back up to your shoulders, and he forces you to your knees.

You’re now kneeling in front of him, and you can already guess what’s coming next. He unzips his pants, and you’re suddenly face to face with long, thick, 8” cock. He puts both his hands on your head and presses it up to your lips. You don’t open.

He keeps pressing the nasty thing against your lips, and eventually he gets sick of waiting. He reaches down and plugs your nose with his hand. After about 20 seconds, you open your mouth to breathe, and before you know it, you’re being face fucked.

It didn’t particularly taste bad, but there were more than a few problems. First of all, the stench. It smelled disgusting. You anticipated this, long knowing the smell of sweaty balls for yourself. The second thing was the choking. It was almost impossible not to choke on this damn thing. And lastly, and most importantly, YOU HAD ANOTHER MAN’S DICK IN YOUR MOUTH!

Your eyes tear up as he fucks your mouth, and before you know it, his dick starts to throb. Your eyes widen in horror as you anticipate what’s coming.

“Oh fuck, oh fuck that’s good, I’m gonna cum!”

He shoots his semen into your mouth and down your throat. He doesn’t pull the cock out of your mouth, and he clearly expects you to swallow it. He keeps humping your mouth afterwards, and you allow the semen to slide down your throat.

“Thanks bitch... I needed that.” He drops a $10 on the ground next to you, as if that was your price for getting forcibly felt up and mouth raped. You felt insulted, then you realized that you shouldn’t have a price for sucking dick at all!

You stand up, exhausted. The rest of the train ride is uneventful.