Kedar is a world of dragons, demons, and monsters. These dark creatures constantly war for control of the land, leaving the few human kingdoms in the shadow of a dark and powerful force. But now, the kingdoms of man are fighting back, slowly assembling an army to reclaim their world.

You are Orgis, a male Half-Demon Sorcerer in Belhor, a town in the kingdom of Agadori. You've always had an interest in magic and have come to Belhor to study under the powerful sorcerer's guild. You've heard that their is an old Sorcerer living nearby that has a great interest in magic and is willing to teach students for a price. 

With fierce determination you head to the Sorcerer's home in the forest, hoping to learn more of your magical abilities.

You knock on the door of the Sorcerer's home in the forest.

You knock on the door with a loud clunk.

After a couple minutes, you hear a loud "Warr!" Come from the other side, which means he's left his home.

You wait around for the sorcerer to come home.

While you wait, you reflect on the past few days. You've been a little concerned about your situation, but still trying to remain optimistic.

You say "I sure wish this Sorcerer would come home"

You decide you'll wait for a little while longer, then go home. You take out your magical tome and begin to read through it again.

You learn new magical abilities from the tome.

After sitting in the cold wind for a few hours, you begin to feel tired. You close your eyes to fall asleep and begin to dream of a dark realm of twisting red tunnels and fire.

You look around.

You are in a fiery wasteland. A massive city lies in ruin, its buildings made of bone, and other strange things.

A demon appears, walking from one of the buildings.

"Hello," he says. "My name is Chort."

He looks at you, smiling.

"What's your name?" he asks.

You say "My name is Orgis"

He smiles, "I see. I've been sent here by the Emperor to help train the heroes of Kedar. We're going to purge these powers from the kingdom.

You say "Can I help in any way?"

He looks at you, "I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I only need one person. If you want to help, you should come back when you're ready."

You nod, "Of course."

A giant demonic worm emerges from the ground and swallows Chort whole.

This wakes you up. You look outside to see that its dark. You head inside, put on some clothes and go to sleep.

The sun rises later, casting a new day.

A messenger knocks on the door. You open, to see a tall, thin man. He's covered in burns, and his eyes appear to have been carved out. He wears very little clothing, and his skin appears to be almost entirely purple.

You say "What brings you to my humble abode?"

He smiles, revealing horrible black hooks that have been affixed to his teeth, "Not much, just a courier. I was told you wished to purchase some land?

You say "You must have the wrong person"

The man frowns, "I'm sorry?"

You say, "I'm afraid I don't wish to purchase any land. Please leave."

The courier nods, and politely says thank you before leaving.

You close the door behind him.

You sigh, frustrated, and lay down.

You wake up more tired than when you went to sleep. You get your magical tome and begin to read through it for the twentieth time.

The magical tome starts whispering to Orgis.

"You have to find the location of the Isabella," the book whispers, "I know it has to be on this world."

You say "Who is this Isabella?"

The book does not answer you, the pages just rustle as you turn them. Suddenly, a page flings itself forward, landing facedown on the bed next to you.

You pick up the page.

The cover of the book slowly becomes visible, as does a map. The map shows a huge underground complex, with four symbols drawn around it.

You ask the book what it wants with you.

The book does not answer you, the pages just rustle as you turn them. Suddenly, a page flings itself forward, landing facedown on the bed next to you.

You pick up the page.

It appears to be a map, showing the location of the four symbols.

One is on the surface, in the middle of the desert. The second is in a large forest area.

You say "What does this mean?"

The book does not respond, it continues to rustle the pages.

The forest symbol, apparently, has been replaced with a burning tree.

You say "Answer me you stupid book!"

The book is silent.

Suddenly, you hear an odd noise outside your room. It sounds like a strangled laugh.

It is now night-time, as you slowly get out of bed.

You open the door of your room.

You walk into the darkness, and flick on a magic lantern.

You're in the middle of the desert, at the base of a large, burning tree. In the distance, you can see strange lights.

Overlapping voices come from the tree, and from the lamp.

"Leave me alone, you spirits of despair! You tricksters and deceivers! Leave me alone!"

The voices sound strangely familiar....

You touch the base of the tree.

A shiver runs down your spine, as a wave of pain hits you.

Suddenly, you notice, a strange, ghostly shape hovers above you.

You step backwards and look up at the ghost.

The ghost seems to be a man, his eyes glowing red as he stares at you.

"Leave me alone, eternalspawn," you say.

The ghost does not respond, it just floats there.

You say "Why am I here? What is this madness?"

The ghost, or man, or whatever it is, does not respond.

Suddenly, a loud noise is heard. It is the sound of metal hitting metal, and it is getting closer.

You look to the source of the noise.

You see a small caravan, under attack by a horde of demons.

In the lead car are two massive orcs, fighting side by side with huge swords.

You approach the battle.

The orcs swing their blades, smashing two demons together. As they disappear, a third orc jumps out of the car, wielding a battle-axe.

You watch the battle unfold.

One of the orcs swings his sword, slicing off a demon's arm. The demon howls in pain, but spins around and bites into the one already lying on the ground, tearing it open.

The demon rips into the one already laying on the ground, drinking their blood.

The orcs fight with utter brutality. There is no strategy. There is no fear. There is only the need for blood and the will to survive. They are many, and you are one.

You watch from the side.

The orcs fight with viciousness, each strike telling. One by one, they fall until there is only one left.

You stand there, confused to what just happened, and a bit frightened.

The orc, with it's last ounce of strength, swings it's blade. The last drop of blood splatters on your face.

You lick the blood with your tounge.

The orc lets out a final shuddering breath, then falls silent.

You lope off into the woods.

You look around the woods.

The woods are dark and seem to be closing in by the second. Twigs crackle, birds fly away and small wildlife makes it's way deeper into the woods.

Suddenly, you hear the noise.

The darkness closes around Orgis, the noise revealing itself to be an indistinct voice.

"Ah, the boy. Good. Get him in here."

A portal opens up in the ground in front of you, and you fall into the pitch darkness that exists below it.

You fall through the pitch darkness, using a spell to light your way.

Suddenly, magical lightning strikes, illuminating your surroundings.

You look around, and are in a large room, with several floors above you. Each floor is filled with demons, and guards stand at the top of each one.

Darkstone shackles appear around Orgis' wrists and ankles, and he is pulled up by invisible hands, then tossed into the room.

You look around desperately.

A demon enters the room, and barks a command at the top of his lungs.

Demons enter with large spears, and point them at you.

You say "What do you want with me?"

"The Emperor wishes to speak to you. He wishes to see if your powers are real."

"Well, I'm not going to be able to summon up lightning storms, am I?

You writhe around in your shackles.

You struggle in the air, screaming in agony as your body twists and contorts. You begin to go blind from the pain, but some small sound breaks through your yell of a scream.

You look to the source of the small sound.

A small silvery ball floats beside the demon who has entered the room. It opens it's eye and lets out a red beam of light, illuminating the room, and you with it.

You continue to writhe on the ground.

You continue screaming as blood drips out of your mouth and down your face. Suddenly, the beam of light beams over to a corner of the room, giving you a glimpse of what looks like a portal.

You attempt to crawl towards the portal, hoping it isn't a portal to more agony and pain.

As you move your head to see where you are crawling to, the invisible hands grab your hair and pull your head back.

"It'll be easier if you crawl towards me."

You say "No! I don't want to go towards you! You filthy being of agony and pain!"

The demon laughs.

"Looks like the Emperor's pet has taste. He doesn't want to go towards me either."

You say "Who are you people? What do you want with me?"

"My name is Trelik. I work for the Emperor."

"So do I. So do we have something in common?

You look up at Trelik.

"I want to be free."

"I'm afraid that's not possible, but perhaps another day it will be."

"That would be nice."

You say "Why am I being held here?"

"I have my orders, but if you want to know the truth, you're being held until the day of the ritual."

"What ritual?

You say "Am I going to die?"

"You could, should, would, might, and could-be."

"Why?"

"The Emperor needs magic power. A lot of it. You'll provide."

"Why me?

You say "Why am I special? Why is my life a living hell? Why?"

"You are special because you are the ONLY person the Emperor has told me he wants from the living. He's given me three days to find you. After that, I let fate decide your fate.

You say "If I'm to go to the Emperor, why are you keeping me here?"

"I'm not keeping you here. You're staying here until I leave, then whoever finds you can decide what to do with you."

You say "Then why don't you leave?"

"As I said, my orders are to stay here until the ritual."

"Then why don't you leave for the Emperor?

You say "What is this ritual?"

"A secret one. You can't be told."

"What if I join you?"

"I didn't say that either."

You start writhing again, screaming out for help.

"Stop it!" Trelik screams.

"Please, I'm begging you. If you don't want me to go to the Emperor, then let me go home."

"How?

You say "I don't know, make a portal to my home or something!"

"I can't make a portal to your home, because I don't have your home address. Where do you live?"

"In the university!"

"You're lying, where do you live?

You say "In the university!"

"I see."

"I'm telling the truth! Please!"

"It's not my place to decide your fate. It's the Emperor's and he'll determine your fate."

You continue to conversate with Trelik until the ritual.

"Well then, what's the Emperor want with me?" A new conversation begins.

"He wants you to join us."

"What? I'm not doing anything.

You say "I don't want to join someone who ripped me from my ordinary life"

"Ha ha! We don't want you to join. You don't even want to join us. We're asking nicely, you're being a prick."

"What do you mean?

You wait for Trelik's response.

"You are not a mindless pawn."

"So you keep saying."

"So, you'll join us?

You hesitate for a moment, before nodding.

"I'm in."

"Ha! Told you I didn't want to join."

"Then what do you want?"

"We want you to kill Kyros."

"What?! Why?

You wait for Trelik's response.

"Our enemies are fighting amongst themselves. While they're doing that, we'll have our strength back.

You say "What does this have to do with Kyros?"

"Kyros is the leader of the darkness beings, and he's growing in power. We need to stop him before it's too late."

"But how?

You say "How would I kill a being of such power? I am but a Half-Demon, a weak and pathetic being"

"We'll have our forces in the city support you. You'll just have to kill Kyros."

"But how?"

"You're a Sorcerer, I'd expect you to know how.

You say "I am only an apprentice!"

"Bull. You're a Sorcerer, and clearly powerful. You can't be that stupid to go walking into their clutches. Tell me, have you cast any spells lately?"

"No.

You wait for Trelik's response.

"That's all we needed to hear. Now, we'll be giving you a ritual to perform."

"What's the ritual?

You wait for Trelik's response.

"It's pretty simple. We need a sacrifice. A being of tremendous worth. We just need to capture one, and we need their help to kill Kyros."

"What? I'm not killing anyone!"

You say "Wait, you're going to sacrifice me?"

"Well, we need your help to kill Kyros, and then when we do, you'll be our new sacrifice. Don't like it?"

"Yes, I'm afraid that I do.

You continue to conversate with Trelik until it is time for the ritual.

"I'm going to have to consult the Emperor on this." You say, lying

"Of course you are. Well, shall we count down begin?"

"Ready when you are.

You wait for the ritual.

Trelik steps out of the room, leaving you alone. Seconds later, as you wait, you notice a gold urn on the floor next to you. It looks very old, and quite valuable.

You reach towards the urn with your shackled hands.

You grab the urn, and pull at it with all your might. The urn budges slightly, but not enough for you to free yourself. You try again, and succeed.

Useful items can be found inside that could help you break free from your chains.

You find a golden ring with an ugly face on it, lying on the floor of your cell.

You grab the golden ring and slip it on to your finger.

A flash of light bursts from the gold ring, consuming your hand.

A booming and thunderous voice speaks to Orgis from out of the sky.

"Who dares disturb my slumber?" The voice booms.

"I do." Orgis responds.

" State your business, sir, or prepare to be cast into the infernal realms.

You say "I wish to be freed from this prison"

You hear a voice coming from above you.

"By the powers of Dendrin, I release you from your chains." The voice proclaims.

You feel the iron shackles fall off of your wrists.

You feel your sore wrists before looking around.

Your wrists are so stiff that you can't move your hands for a few moments.

You scan your surroundings, looking up to see the sky.

The sky is a deep blue, with fluffy white cloud dotting it. You watch as several birds fly across the beautiful sky.

You notice an old and abandoned well nearby. You walk over to the well, and bend down to examine it.

An ancient sword lay at the bottom of the well, and it emitted a powerful magical aura.

You pick up the sword.

You notice a gray door in the distance. If you could only reach it...

You see if you can find a way to the gray door.

You walk over to the gray door and look for a way to open it.

As you look, a strange voice utters, "Use the key."

You turn and see a small silver key on the ground.

You pick up a key and use it open the door.

You pick up the key, and begin to look for a way to open the door.

The door is made of wood, much like a traditional door.

You search for a keyhole.

You search for a keyhole in the door, but find none.

Suddenly, you remember that there is a regular lock on the door, as well as a bolt hole.

The lock is silver, and has an intricate design.

Which do you try first?

You try the lock first.

You look at the lock, and notice the good design of it. You begin to pick the lock.

After several tense moments, you hear a click. You pull back on the door, but it does not yield.

You try the bolt hole.

You look around again, this time, noticing the silver, rectangular keyhole in the door.

You run a finger slowly across the silver outline of the keyhole.

You use the key to open the keyhole.

You put the key into the keyhole and turn it, feeling the weight of the silver on the other side.

You push the key all the way in as far as it can go, before stopping.

Clicks the key has unlocked the door.

You push the door open, revealing a pitch black room. You step into the room, and begin to look around for a light switch.

Suddenly the sword starts glowing, illuminating the room  in a dull blue glow.

You see a large book on a table in the center of the room.

It is titled, 'The Necronomicon'.

You reach towards the book.

You go to pick up the book.

Suddenly, you feel a sharp pain in your head, and see a black cloud emanating from the tip of your finger.

You fall to your knees and grasp your skull, trying to make the pain stop.

You fall to your knees, clutching at your head. Blood flows from your palms and ears as you scream in pain.

Suddenly, the sword stops glowing, and you fall to your knees in pain.

You look up at the door of the cabin, making out a single figure standing by it.

The figure is wearing a long, hooded black robe with strange runic symbols embroidered on the front.

You reach towards the figure before passing out from pain.

Suddenly, you feel a sharp pain in your head, and see a bright light.

You hear a voice in your head.

"Wake up, Orgis Tombs. You have been chosen."

You say "Chosen? For what?"

Your body feels like its on fire. You try to scream, but you can't. Suddenly, you are pulled from your bed, suspended in the air by invisible hands.

You writhe in the grasp of the invisible hands.

Terrified, you scream. Your body writhes and twists as you're pulled from your bed, before standing still as a puppet.

Suddenly, the floor begins to rumble, and the walls shake.

A large crack appears in one of the walls, eerie red light spilling from it and a low gurgling noise emerging.

A voice, terrifying and inhuman, begins to howl from the crack.

"Log...ch...ing...hou...sas...gun...!"

Orgis starts chanting along with the voice, forced against his will to repeat the strained sentance.

"Log...ch...ing...hou...sas...gun...!"

"Please! Stop!" You shout. "I didn't mean to offend you! I'm a friend, not a foe!"

The voice continues, becoming louder and louder, until all that Orgis could think of was "Log...ch...ing...hou...sas...gun!"

As the voice fills your mind, it seems to explode inside your skull. Your brain feels like its going to pop every second.

The walls continue shaking, and the earth continues to rumble.

You attempt to move your body.

You attempt to move, but find that your muscles don't work. You feel the pain of the invisible hands grabbing your bones as you are forced into the air.

The wall breaks open and a mysterious force starts pulling Orgis into it.

"No!" You scream. "Stop! I'll surrender my license if you spare my life!"

The hooded figure turns to you and lets out a terrifying howl.

The invisible hands let go of Orgis and he scrambles to grab onto something as he is pulled into the nightmarish hell scape. He flails about helplessly.

"I've had enough of your kind. The forests and mountains are off limits to you!"

You say "Please, I've nothing to do with this! I am but a pathetic Half-Demon! It is not worth to kill me! Just let me go!"

"Half-Demon?" The Dark One grunts. "You are not half-anything. You are not demon, and you are not mine.

Orgis is pulled into the hole in the wall, into a nightmarish and hellish landscape. Within this landscape, he can see and hear everything that's going on. He sees trees being torn out of the ground by invisible hands and thrown into the sky.

You fall to the ground and writhe around, unable to do anything about your situation.

You begin to scream and cry as the pain overtakes your body. You feel the cold ground rush past you, and are unable to stop it. You can only hope that this torment ends soon.

You scream in agony, pleading to every god you know to save you from this torment.

You scream and scream, your cries filling the void of potential. But it is to no avail...

The spirits continue to tear apart the ground, and you continue to fall towards it.

You attempt to move your limbs around, trying to grasp onto anything that would stop you from falling into the endless abyss.

You move your body in every direction, desperately trying to escape this hellish fate.

But you are moving in slow motion, and no matter what you do, you can't get a good grip.

The ground begins to collapse beneath Orgis, forcing him into the abyss.

"NO!" You scream.

The ground collapses, and darkness consumes you.

You can see the spirits in the abyss reaching up to pull you in.

You feel the spirits grab onto you and try to make them let go of you.

There is a thud, and you feel the darkness consume you.

For a moment, the void consumes your senses. You feel as if you are drifting in space. Then, a horrifying scream pierces your ears.

You hope that you will be meeting this fate soon. But you don't have long to wait...

Orgis starts tumbling out of the abyss into an endless tunnel full of hands and limbs trying to grab onto him.

"NO! NO! LET GO OF ORGIS!" You cry out in terror.

The hands grab onto Orgis and attempt to tear him apart. Meanwhile, everything is moving in slow motion. The other spirits are still laughing and cheering as the reign of terror begins.

You feel your body twisting and breaking as hands rip you apart from the inside out.

You try to cast a spell to make the hands go away.

You attempt to cast a spell to make the hands go away, but fail. They continue to tear you apart.

You tried to grab onto your arm as you felt it be torn off.

Suddenly, the pain stops, and you notice that your body has been reduced to pieces of bloody meat. When you are able to look down at your body, you are horrified by what you see.

All of your limbs and body have been completely separated from each other, which are scattered throughout the snow. Blood is everywhere, and your heart has been torn out of your chest.

You look down at your body.

You survey the damage done to your body, and pray to any god that may be listening.

Then, you notice something odd. Your heart is floating in mid-air, untouched by the bloody snow.

You reach for your heart.

You reach for your heart, but instead of grabbing it, you grab a bloody hand.

"Ah, caught ya."

You turn your head to the left, and see another bloody hand reaching up to grab you.

The bloody hand grips onto Orgis' face and started suffocating him.

"You have a weird sense of humor, Sorcerer."

The hands continue to choke Orgis as he desperately attempts to free himself, but it's no use.

"Let me go!"

You attempt to cast a spell.

You attempt to cast a freezing blast at the hands, but fail.

You watch Orgis scream in pain as his body and soul are crushed by freezing hands.

You fall to the ground as your soul and body are crushed by freezing hands.

You fall to the ground as your soul and body are crushed by freezing hands. You scream as you feel your body being ripped apart by freezing hands.

Then, everything goes quiet.

You your spirit rises into the air and looks down at your former body.

You look down at your former body, still shredded apart by freezing hands.

"Shadows take you," your soul says.

The shadows take your spirit, and you fall to the ground.

"What's going on? Where am I?" You ask.

"You're dead. Now let me go."

You look around, and notice a female demon staring at you with a sword in her hand.

You say "Who are you?"

"I'm a loyal citizen of the Kingdom of Demons. You're interupting my important job."

She begins walking towards you, with the blade of her sword glowing a demonic red.

You backed away from the sword.

She swipes the sword at you, cutting your left arm. You yell in pain as the sword is knocked out of your hand. You dive out of the way and regain your footing, grabbing your bat.

You hold the bat in front of you, trying to defend yourself.

The demon charges at you, swinging her sword. You raise your bat to block, taking the hit. As she pulls back for another swing, you strike her with the flat of your bat, knocking her to the ground.

You hit her over the head with the bat with as much force as you can muster.

You swing the bat, smashing her skull in. You pull out your revolver and shoot her in the head, then kneel down to check if she's dead.

You notice that her body is twitching...

You shoot her again.

You shoot her in the head again, but she's still alive.

"It's over, demon." You say.

The demon begins laughing insanely.

You continue shooting until you're out of bullets.

You pull out a dagger and begin stabbing the demon repeatedly, but it doesn't slows her down.

You back away slowly, until you're backed up against a corner.

You back up in a corner, screaming as the demon approaches.

"I give up... I'm scared." You say.

The demon stop advancing and look at you.

"Do you wish to become one of the Shadows of the past?" She asks.

"No. Tell me how to stop this.

You say "I just want to go back to my life!"

"Then, you wish for death. For what is life, but a series of painful experiences that one must endure before dying in peace? However, you may be able to achieve your end through my assistance..."

You say "I don't want to die, I just want to go back to my life!"

"Then, let me take you back. But, you must do something for me."

"What? Anything."

"You must take away their magic. Otherwise, they will never be satisfied."

"How am I to do that?"

"You are to become the new Sorcerer King."

You say "The new Sorcerer King?"

"Yes."

"Why?"

"Because without magic, the kingdom will be in your hands."

You stare at her in silence. Suddenly, a vision of your future appears.

You see two outcomes of the future. One outcome being one where you became the Sorcerer King, and ruled the world on a cold throne. The second outcome was were you took the easy way out, leaving only a bloody imprint on the frozen ground.

You wake from your vision, and see the demon staring at you. You stare at her in silence, as she sniffs curiously.

You say "How do I become the Sorcerer King?"

"Follow me."

Seren shrugs, before picking you up and flying away from the burning building. You ask her where she's taking you, but she just continues on, flying through the now-open doors. You ask her to stop for a moment so you can see what's going on, but she keeps flying.

Watching through the windows, you see the streets of the city being filled with a red haze as the military fires their weapons into the air.

You say "What's going on out there?"

"The new warrior has appeared. The king fears him."

"How can he fear someone he's never even met? The rumor is completely untrue."

"Of course it's untrue. He has heard the man's name, and they're notorious for spreading exaggeration and downright falsehood to build up fear."

"He's a violent fool. The world, it seems, is doomed to see the warrior's like this one day: a mad man who wields incredible power. The end is coming, and no warrior or king will be able to stop it...

You say "If no king will be able to stop it, then what is the purpose of becoming the Sorcerer King?"

"The people need a powerful leader and hero."

"What about all the other kings? Don't they serve as examples of what's possible? Don't they have anything to do with it?"

"The people will follow a hero."

"What if there is no more need for heroes?

You say "I am no hero"

"Then they will need a hero."

"What if they don't?"

"Then it is better that they follow a king.

You fall into silence.

Your mentor looks at you, a smile on her face.

"What?" You ask.

"Nothing." She says, shaking her head slightly before flying higher into the air.

You say "Where are we going?"

"I don't know."

"But you said we were going to go to the Sorcerer King's castle.

"I believe that we are."

"But how... ?"

"I don't know."

You sigh, shaking your head slightly.

"Just fly us there."

You are silent for a moment, before nodding slightly.

"Alright."

The Sorceress giggles slightly, and the two of you begin to fly towards the castle, leaving the bloody battle behind...

Suddenly a fireball hits the Sorceress in the back, and she falls out of the sky. A demon, covered with flames, leaps out to hit you, but you are protected by the large bubble.

You cast a spell to keep you and the Sorceress from falling to the ground.

You close your eyes, and a whiteness fills your vision.

You feel the Sorceress grab your hand tightly.

"What are you doing?" She asks.

"We won't... FALL!" You exclaim, as you and her hang in the air.

Your eyes glow as you cast a powerful spell which knocks the flaming demon into the ground, and carries you and the Sorceress to the Sorcerer King's castle, a short distance away...

You can here the roars and bellows of the army behind you, and you wonder if you'll make it in time.

You feel the Sorceress drop you, and fall next to you as she drops out of the sky.

"Huh?

You cast a spell to slow your fall, so you don't break your legs when you hit the ground.

You fall through the air for a moment, and find that you are holding your breath, which is a strange feeling.

You let go of your breath.

You gasp for breath, feeling the air fill your lungs.

You now calm, you look down beneath you.

You are standing at the edge of a cliff, and the sheer drop is scary. You see another path, which is a winding trail that leads around the mountain. The mountain is also encrusted with strange, vicious looking beasts.

There is a third path, which continues through the winding trail, but you can see a large group of creatures blocking the way.

You look for the Sorceress.

When you turn around, you can see the black robes of the Sorcerer King, sitting in his throne.

"Ah, the beast man." He grins, standing up slowly.

"You took your time." You say angrily.

Now that you're face to face, you are slightly intimidated by the large man before you. He's at least two meters tall, and his muscles ripple as he moves.

You stand before the Sorcerer King, your feet firm on the ground.

You stand firmly, knowing that this is a man you must face.

"I'm here."

"Ah, fierce. Curly!" The Sorcerer King grins, holding out his arms. "I have a job for you."

"What is it?" You ask nervously.

The Sorcerer King looks at you and lets out a burst of laughter, which causes your spine to tingle slightly.

You was nervous.

You feel nervous as you stand before the large figure of the Sorcerer King. The Sorcerer King grins, clearly amused by your fear.

"Please, have a seat."

You sit down on the stone floor, and the Sorcerer King sits down next to you.

"Sorcerer King? Is that what you are called?" You ask, trying to remain respectful and not anger him.

"Of course."

"I'm Orgis."

"I know. We've met before, years ago."

You're surprised the sorcerer knows you.

"We sure have."

You say "When did we meet?"

"Years ago, when you were captured by the Brot Kingdom. I bought you."

A shiver goes down your spine as you remember that day.

You stay silent, your mind focused on that day.

"I've been hired to find you, Orgis."

"By who?"

"The Emperor."

You scowl, you don't like the idea of what the Emperor is trying to do.

You say "The Emperor already captured me, and I escaped"

"I was hired to find you by the Emperor."

"Did he now?"

The Sorcerer King grins, his white teeth filling his mouth.

"I don't believe you."

"I swear it!"

You say "The Emperor is a fool"

"I swear it!"

"Is that so?"

The Sorcerer King laughs, obviously amused by your naivety.

"Tell me, who is it that's seeking to hire you?"

"The Empire."

"Not exactly a trustworthy ally, Orgis."

"I know, but..."

"But nothing. The Emperor may be a fool, but he's your master and you are his humble servant."

The Sorcerer King smiles coldly.

"Tell me, little one, what do you desire most in this world?"

You ponder the question for a moment.

You say "I wish to live an ordinary life"

The Sorcerer King laughs softly.

You say "I wish to be free from this torture"

The Sorcerer King releases you from the magic bind and you fall to the floor. You quickly scramble up and ready your sword, only to find that the Sorcerer King is unarmed.

You lower your sword.

"The Emperor wants to hire you."

"Hire me how?"

"As part of a team to help him take back the Nalin Imperium from the usurper Tarna. Along with hire him consider your future."

You consider the offer.

Yes

No

"The Emperor's offer is generous.

You say "Yes"

The Sorcerer King grins.

"Excellent, you're hired, Orgis."

"I am?"

"Yes, you're hired. Consider your future settled, little one."

You are hired for a position as an Eternal. You serve the Empire loyally, and are awarded several promotions and honors for your service.

You live happily for the rest of your days.

You sigh.

You close your book.

"Dear. Mom..."

Your mother looks up from the kitchen table, and rests her head on the back of the chair.

"What is it, honey?"

You open your book and show your mother a few of the pages.

"Do you recognize this book?"

Your mother reads the text to herself.

You say "Well?"

"Yeah. It's Mom's old spell book."

"Really?"

"Yeah, really. I showed it to you yesterday."

"I was too tired to notice."

"That's probably because you stayed up all night playing cards with your buddies."

"Probably. Is that all you wanted to show me?"

"No. I wanted to show you this."

You look at what she has to show you.

A half flesh, half skeleton covered in red runes. It's eyes are two red gemstones that seem to be burning with a cold flame.

"What the heck is it? I've never seen anything like it."

"I have. Once."

"What's it do?"

"It keeps coming back.

You say "Coming back for what?"

"I don't know... It just appeared one day, on my 9th birthday."

"Whoa. That's pretty creepy. I'm guessing your father took it away?"

"No. He was at the time, but I don't think it was him. It was wearing a mask."

"A mask?"

You say "What kind of mask?"

Your mother pauses.

"It was a scary looking skull with two red eyes."

You frown, trying to visualize what your mother has described to you.

"I don't think I've ever seen a mask like that before..."

"You should ask your father about it when he gets home."

"Okay..."

Your mother sighs.

"I just can't shake this feeling of unease. Once, a 9 year old me could handle this stuff. Now? I feel like it'd just drive me crazy. I should have just taken your dad's offer, you know? I mean... At least it would have been over soon."

"Sometimes life just gets worse before it gets better, Mom.

You sigh and pick up your book.

"Yeah. You're probably right."

The truth is, you're not quite sure how to respond to this. Instead of causing a fight, you leave the house and head to the local tavern.

You enter the local tavern.

You enter the tavern, and immediately a large burly man approaches you.

"Hey. Are you lost?"

"No."

"You sure? You're standing in the wrong place.

You say "Am I?"

"Yeah. Welcome to the Bar."

"Thanks, I need something to drink."

"Sure thing."

You continue on, and soon find a table to sit at. A waitress comes to your table.

You say "A glass of water, please"

The waitress nods, before disappearing off to find your drink.

"So, what's good here?"

You scan the tavern, and quickly realize that the man sitting at the table closest to you is staring at you. You realize with a jolt that he has been following you. You look away, looking for a non-existent spot on the wall.

You tap the table with your finger, waiting for your drink.

Your food tastes bland and boring.

You depart the tavern with your head down, mentally cursing the fact that you didn't check the man's pockets while you had the chance.

You walk home.

You trudge up to the lamp-post at the center of your village and begin the daunting task of trying to get home. The sky is darkening fast, and soon, the streets will be entirely deserted.

You head towards home, looking towards the sky.

The dragon is making a beeline towards the town, intent on destroying it. You aren't sure if you should take cover, or attempt to warn the people.

You hesitate, frozen under the shadow of the dragon.

You're too scared to move, and watch as the dragon swoops down. The people of Kedar are helpless, unable to stop the great beast from killing every last one of them.

You stand still, as screams of agony echo around you.

The dragon begins to eat people. You don't know where the dragon came from or how it got there, but its presence turns the otherwise pleasant nightmarish. The dragon kills everyone, and you soon follow them.

You wake up, drenched in sweat.

You open your eyes and sit up. The events of the night before are all still vivid in mind, and you know you'll have nightmares for weeks to come.

You look down at your hands, contemplating your life.

Your life is meaningless. There is nothing much to look forward to. Death could've easily taken you, and it's possible it'll eventually do so. Everything's futile. You're tired of being on this world.

You cast a spell, causing you to burst into flames and die.

You think about your family. You think about your friends. You think about your potential future-- you won't be able to achieve any of it, and you'll die here, alone.

The fire burns the bed, the room, and continues to consume the house. You scream as the skin on your body peels from your burnt, melting away to ash.

You could've had a bright future.

You die as the fire ravages your crippled body.

You die to the raging inferno, as your body is burned beyond recognition.

No one will remember you. No one will care. You are just another number in the long line of insects crawling on this planet.

But you didn't achieve your potential. You could've been so much.

You are so alone.

You your Spirit floats off to the heavens, contemplating the actions of it's mortal coil.

The air feels crisp and clean against your spirit. You feel the wind blow through your hair, as you take in a deep breath.

The sky is so blue. You feel free. Free of your burdens and worries.

You let go your life on the actions of your mortal life as your spirit joins the many gods in the heavens.

You let go. Your spirit ascends to the heavens, and you join the gods.

The End

"Samuel!"

Numbly, you turn towards the doorway of your lab. You see Kensei stands there, clad in a black leather duster, with a pair of pistols at his hips.

You say "What? What the Hell just happened?"

"The world has been... changed." Kensei's voice is calm, measured. He seems in control.

You say "Why am I not dead?"

With that one question, the current chain of events are revealed to you.

"You may have just bought yourself some time."