You return from the bathroom to find that the remaining party guests seem to have scattered around the house. Your girlfriend has abandoned you, so you decide to wander down the hallway and see if there is anyone interesting left to talk to.

You overhear some female-sounding laughing from a bedroom and duck your head through the doorway. Inside you find your girlfriend Laura and her friend Melanie , lounging shoeless on a queen bed, glasses of red wine in their hands. Their dresses are dishevelled and there’s a lot of nylon-covered leg showing.

“Oh, Hi there,” says Melanie, still smiling from the joke they’ve been sharing.

“Hi,” you respond. You hesitate, not sure whether you’re intruding. You’re very attracted to Melanie, to the extent that you become quite awkward around her.

“Come in,” invites your girlfriend. “I was wondering where you’d got to.”

You join them eagerly, sitting on the edge of the bed. “So what’s so funny?” you ask.

The women share a wicked glance with each other, before Melanie reveals, “We were just trying to work out which celebrity we’d most like to fuck.”

Your shock at her bluntness must be plainly evident on your face, because they both succumb to fits of giggles. Attempting to appear unfazed you ask, “So who did you come up with?”

“We had trouble narrowing it down,” laughs Melanie.

“Yeah,” continues Laura. “It turns out that Melanie here wants to sleep with almost all of them!”

Melanie leans closer to you. “I’m such a slut,” she confesses.

“Uh, I’m sure you’re not…” you reply awkwardly.

“No, it’s true,” replies your girlfriend. “She’s probably the biggest slut I know.”

“Really, she doesn’t seem…” you begin.

“I hide it well,” interrupts Melanie, before taking another sip of wine.

You’re not sure how to respond to this, but hearing the object of your affections referred to so casually as a ‘slut’ is making you feel a little funny in your pants. You can sense your face reddening.

“Look, he’s blushing!” says Laura. “You’ve made my boyfriend blush, you dirty slut!”

Melanie smiles at you, then thankfully changes the subject to put you out of your misery. “So, which famous person would you choose?”

You think about it for a moment. “Uh, I dunno… maybe Scarlett Johnson?”

“Good choice!” says Laura.

“Yeah, good choice,” agrees Melanie. “You know, I think I’d probably turn lesbian for Scarlett Johnson. How about you, Laura?”

Laura shrugs. “Maybe. I bet she eats pussy like a pro.”

“Mmm yeah,” says Melanie dreamily, then looks straight at you. “Imagine this. You can be fucking Scarlett Johnson from behind, while she’s licking me out at the same time. God, that would be soooo hot!”

You’ve actually imagined this scenario in the past! You make a strangled whimpering sound that you hope they didn’t hear, and your cock swells instantly in your pants. “Sounds fun,” you croak.

“Or would you prefer to be fucking me while she’s licking your balls?” asks Melanie sweetly.

Your cock gets harder and you struggle for a response. “I… uh…”

The women crack up laughing. “She’s teasing you,” smiles Laura.

“Oh, okay,” you mutter, knowing it was too good to be true.

“It’s just we both know that you’ve got a thing for Melanie,” she continues.

“I don’t!” you blurt, startled. Then, after a brief pause, “Is it that obvious?”

“Yeah, it’s pretty obvious,” says Melanie. “You’re always staring at my butt. It’s hard not to notice.”

“You know, you do have a sexy ass,” compliments Laura.

“Thanks,” replies Melanie. “I know. It’s my best feature.”

Your girlfriend leans over and puts her hand on your arm. “It’s okay. Do you know what’s funny, baby?”

“No, what?”

Laura lowers her voice to almost a whisper. “Well, she’s such a dirty slut that you could have fucked her any time you wanted, if you’d actually asked her.” 

Your heart starts beating out of your chest and you feel a little dizzy. “You’re still screwing with me…”

“No, it’s true,” protests Laura. “She’ll fuck pretty much anyone. Won’t you Melanie?”

Melanie nods. “I’m horny all the time.”

You’re conflicted now. On the one hand, this situation is really exciting. On the other hand, you can’t help but feel a little insulted by your girlfriend’s comment.

“Anyone?” you reply. Then, your voice dripping with offended sarcasm, “Even me?”

“Oh, don’t be so sensitive. I didn’t mean it like that,” she says, rolling her eyes.

“Yeah, I do have certain minimum standards,” adds Melanie.

“Well, it’s a relief that I meet the minimum standard,” you say, feeling encouraged.

“Yeah, you’ve got a dick!” says Laura, and the two women crack up, laughing hysterically.

“Right,” you say curtly. “I should probably get going.” You’ve dealt with drunk people before and you’ve no intention of sticking around further to be the butt of more of their inane jokes. You stand up to leave, then realize that your erection hasn’t gone down and is plainly visible in the front of your pants.

Both girls stare at it. Melanie licks her lips. “Please stay,” she whispers.

“I don’t enjoy being made fun of,” you reply sternly, desperately willing your hard-on to disappear.

“We’re sorry,” says your girlfriend contritely.

“Laura, make him stay,” Melanie begs her friend. “I’m so fucking horny right now!”

Laura sighs and rolls her eyes. “Okay, just wait a minute. Watch this.”

She leans over to Melanie and proceeds to engage her friend in one of the deepest, wettest, hottest lesbian kisses you’ve ever witnessed. As their tongues wrestle, Laura’s hand slides up Melanie’s thigh, bunching up her skirt and revealing that her nylons are lace-topped stockings held up by a suspender belt. As Laura’s hand slides higher, Melanie draws up the other leg, then drops her knee to the side, revealing the gusset of her black, lacy panties. They are so sheer that you can vaguely see her pussy slit through them, and no sign at all of any pubic hair.

All the blood in your body is rushing to your cock. As they continue to snog, Laura’s hand slides between Melanie’s thighs and she starts stroking her pussy through her panties. Her fingers press the tight, thin material between Melanie’s outer lips and deep into her groove, insistently rubbing up and down its length.

Finally they break apart, their mouths briefly connected by a trail of saliva. You just stare, making no further attempt to hide the massive tent in your pants.

“See,” says your girlfriend. “When she gets horny like this, you can do almost anything to her.” She holds up her fingers, glistening as they catch the light. “Look, she’s soaking wet already.”

You look at Melanie. She’s lying back on the bed with her legs spread apart. Looking you right in the eye, she slips a hand down inside the front of her panties and starts rubbing where Laura left off. Yep, all things considered, you decide she’s definitely a slut.

“Fuck me. I need you to fuck me right now!” she whispers.

“Right now?” you stammer.

“Right now! I need your cock up me soooo bad!”

“But what if someone comes…”

“That’s the idea, silly,” she breathes.

“No, I mean, what if someone else comes in…”

“I’ll keep a look out,” offers Laura helpfully. Your girlfriend must’ve been drinking a lot to be so accommodating!

“You can imagine I’m Scarlett Johnson if you like,” pleads Melanie, starting to squirm around on the bed, her hips writhing in sexual frustration while she fucks herself with two fingers inside her panties.

“That won’t be necessary,” you reply. If you’re finally getting the chance to fuck Melanie , then you absolutely won’t need to think of anyone else. Your girlfriend doesn’t seem to mind, so you make the decision to go for it. You tug off your shoes, then hurriedly divest yourself of your pants and underwear, almost tripping over in the process. Your cock juts out, proudly erect.

“Oh Jesus, I want that thing inside me,” groans Melanie, eying your engorged pole with undisguised hunger. 

You are now every bit as horny as Melanie is. You climb on to the bed and practically throw yourself on top of her, your prick prodding aggressively against her panties. They won’t come off with her suspenders still attached, so Melanie reaches down and pulls the gusset to the side, exposing her bald cunt. You make a couple of unsuccessful attempts at entry before you feel a cool hand wrap around your cock.

It’s your girlfriend! She grips your shaft and guides your knob between Melanie’s outer lips, sliding it along her slippery cleft until it nestles at her entrance. You start to ease into Melanie’s cunt, feeling the warmth of her tunnel stretch around you and draw you in.

Laura puts her hand on your ass and pushes hard. You slide almost balls-deep into Melanie with one quick, smooth thrust.

“Unnngghhh,” moans Melanie, suddenly impaled on your rock-hard prick.

“Oh yeah…” you sigh, your senses drinking in Melanie’s scent, the feeling of her warm body pressed against yours, the sexy sound of her panting…

“Fuck her,” whispers Laura hotly into your ear. “Fuck that slut. Fuck her slutty little pussy!”

You start to pump Melanie vigorously, energized by your pent-up lust for her. Her hands clutch at your buttocks and her nails dig into your flesh. The fact that your girlfriend is on the bed right next to you only serves to intensify the eroticism of the situation.

“Fuck me. Fuck me like you’d fuck that bitch Scarlett Johnson,” she groans.

Your head is swimming with lust and you pick up the pace. The wet sounds of your cock ploughing Melanie’s pussy are accompanied by the gentle slapping of your balls against the base of her ass cheeks.

Laura gives your butt a slap. “That’s it. Fuck that little whore Melanie. Fuck the shit out of that little slut!”

You avert your eyes from Melanie for a moment and turn your head to face Laura. “Weren’t you supposed to be watching the door?”

“I’d rather be watching this,” replies Laura, staring with a glazed expression at your ass as it humps up and down between Melanie’s knees. She moves around so she can see your cock plunging in and out.

Your girlfriend is obviously useless at this point so you resign yourself to fate. If the three of you get discovered, then so be it.

You slam into Melanie harder and harder, joyful now that your prick is finally buried in the girl of your dreams. You have so many things you want to do with her, but for now you’ll have to settle for a quick, frantic fuck on someone else’s bed, while your girlfriend looks on.

“How is he?” she asks Melanie, reaching out to move a strand of hair off her cheek where it has become stuck with perspiration.

“Ungh… he’s… ungh… hitting the spot,” grunts Melanie. The force of your thrusting is pushing her up the bed and she’s getting dangerously close to the headboard.

“Don’t cum inside her,” asks Laura. “I want to see it.”

“I’ll do my best,” you grunt. You shove your cock as deep as it will go, then start grinding your pubic bone against Melanie’s clit. She gasps and starts to shudder underneath you.

“Oh fuck… I’m cumming,” she pants, digging her nails even deeper into your ass, trying to pull you even deeper inside her. You thrust hard against her with your cock fully buried, slamming her bottom hard into the mattress. You can feel her pussy rippling as it tightly grips your shaft.

“Ungh… nghhhh… nghhhh,” grunts Melanie, cumming hard, her hot breath on your neck. Then she lets out a little whimper as she comes down from the heights of her orgasm.

“Happy now, you slut? You dirty fucking slut,” breathes Laura into her friend’s ear.

“Oh God,” you groan, as a familiar feeling starts to wash over you. You resume thrusting, faster and faster, ploughing Melanie’s wet pussy until you are almost at the brink.

“Pull out!” cries your girlfriend, hurriedly manoeuvring into position for a ring-side view of the action.

Every fibre of your being wants to fill Melanie’s pussy to the brim with hot jizz, but you fight your instincts and pull out just in time. You take your cock in your hand and jerk it twice before you explode all over Melanie’s cunt and inner thighs.

Laura watches entranced as spurt after spurt of your sticky load spatters her friend’s pussy lips and dribbles down between her buttocks. You keep jerking, scattering globs of sperm over the front of her misaligned panties and the lace of her stocking tops.

Finally you squeeze out the last drops onto her pussy and rub your slimy cockhead up and down over her sticky, sweet folds. Then you roll over to the side and collapse on your back between the two women.

“I told you she was a slut,” says your girlfriend. She reaches over and grabs your cock, all wet with sperm and Melanie’s juices, and still quite hard. It twitches in her grasp.

“It takes one to know one,” replies Melanie.

“Not me. I’m a nice girl,” says Laura, just seconds before taking your gooey cock deep into her mouth.