You’re out of town travelling and feeling lonely. Lying back on your hotel bed, you begin to fantasize about Lucy. She’s a married friend of your wife and you frequently picture her whenever you feel like a quick wank. She’d probably die if she knew how many tissues you’ve impregnated while thinking about her perky little tits.

But this time a wank isn’t going to be enough. You pick up your smartphone and Google for an escort. Why the hell not — you’re a long way from home and no-one will ever know.

The Internet is a wonderful thing. Just over an hour later there’s a knock at the door. Amazingly you’ve managed to keep your hand off it while you were waiting.

Okay, this next part is going to seem highly improbable…

You open the door and are shocked and amazed to find Lucy herself standing in the hallway. She’s wearing a short, figure-hugging red dress that barely contains her pushed-uptits. The dress is so short it reveals most of her stocking-tops. Not her usual style at all.

“Lucy? What are you doing here?”

“You? Holy fuck. Er…”

“I’m sorry, you can’t stay, I’m expecting someone!” you exclaim.

Lucy starts to say something, then stops, instead stammering “Oh, okay, that’s fine. Some other time, okay?”

You watch her hurry away down the hall. Wow, that was close. If she’d seen you with the escort…

It takes a few seconds for the penny to drop.

“Hey Lucy,” you call out.

She freezes but doesn’t turn around.

“Get back here!”

Lucy turns and walks back to you sheepishly.

“Quick, get inside before someone sees you.” You usher Lucy through the door and check the corridor both ways before closing it behind her.

She moves to the center of the room and eyes you warily, holding her bag protectively in front of her. There’s an awkward pause.

“So,” you eventually say.

“So,” she replies with an awkward smile.

“I didn’t know you were a…” You search for the right word. “…working girl.”

“Oh, didn’t your wife tell you?” she replies sarcastically.

“Well, I have to say I’m surprised,” you say with a disapproving tone.

“Hey, don’t get up on your high horse. You’re the one who made the call!” she points out indignantly.

“That’s true,” you admit. “What are you doing way out here? We’re a long way from home.”

“Well, I’m not going to do this back home, am I?” she retorts. “I’m on tour.”

“You’re on tour…”

“Yeah, I tell everyone I’m going to visit a friend for a week or two, then come down here for some easy cash. I’ve got an agency that books my appointments. There’s actually quite a bit of demand for me.”

“I bet there is,” you whisper under your breath. “Can I get you a drink?”

“I think I need one,” she replies.

You pour Lucy some Southern Comfort from the bar fridge. She takes the drink from you and downs it in one gulp, then meets your eyes with a serious expression on her pretty face. “You can’t tell anyone about this.”

“Of course not.” Yeah, like you’re going to admit hiring a prostitute!

“Especially my husband,” she continues.

“And you can’t tell my wife,” you respond. Internally you’re thrown for a loop. You were assuming that the poor girl had been forced into a life of prostitution and that her husband was probably involved. You never liked the guy (but this might only be because he gets to fuck Lucy and you don’t.)

Lucy scrutinizes you for a moment, then relaxes, apparently satisfied. “Well, I thought I’d probably meet someone I knew eventually. But I never guessed it would be you.”

“You don’t think I’m the type?”

“Something like that,” she replies. “Got another drink?”

Lucy sits on the edge of the bed. There follows a few minutes of very awkward small talk while you both knock back a couple more glasses of spirits. Then she gets up and grabs her bag.

“Well, it’s been nice talking but I’d better get going,” she announces.

“So soon?” you reply, taken aback. You haven’t yet come up with a plan for handling the situation, but you were hoping that something interesting might happen. After all, you and Lucy are alone in a foreign hotel room, and Lucy has been exposed as a dirty slut who exchanges sex for money.

“Yeah sorry,” Lucy replies. “I’d love to stay and chat, but I need the money and I don’t want this night to go to waste. The agency can probably find me another appointment.”

“What’s wrong with this appointment?” you ask tentatively. Your heart is beating wildly as you say the words, but fate has thrown you and your dream girl together under bizarre circumstances and it can’t just end now.

Lucy looks up at you, startled. “We know each other! You don’t really want to…”

You nod, causing her voice to trail off. Then she tries again. “It just wouldn’t be… professional.” 

“I’ve always wanted you, Lucy. I’ll pay double!” you blurt out, then inwardly kick yourself. That probably sounded a little desperate.

Lucy gives you a skeptical look. “It doesn’t bother you that I do this?”

“Hell no,” you reply. “I’ve dreamed of getting my hands on you for ages. Now I find out I only had to pay!”

Lucy smiles, then catches herself and her look turns serious. “We know each other. I’m friends with your wife. This could change everything.”

“Yeah, you’re right,” you concede. “It could make everything awesome!”

Lucy smiles again while shaking her head in resignation. “Okay. So you have a thing for me, do you?”

“You could say that.” It’s so good to finally tell her how you feel.

She walks up to you and places her hand on your chest. You wonder if she can feel that your heart is beating like crazy. She starts sliding her hand downward.

“So this thing you have for me…”

“Yeah…” you respond nervously.

“Would you be keeping it… down here?” she asks, slipping her hand down further and grabbing your cock and balls through the front of your pants.

You tense up, momentarily ceasing to breathe. You feel your dick start to swell, then twitch in her grasp. “Oh yeah,” you finally exhale, and she giggles.

She’s right up against you now, looking up deep into your eyes. The radiant heat of her proximity and the rich floral scent of her perfume conspire to make you dizzy. You brush her hair back from the side of her face and slide your fingers through it.

“I want to kiss you,” you whisper.

Lucy wraps her arms around you, her hands sliding up your back to grasp your shoulders from behind. Her sexy body is pressed firmly against you and the growing bulge in your pants.

“I don’t normally kiss,” she breathes. “But for you I’ll make an exception.”

Her wet lips are slightly parted, the pink tip of her tongue visible. You embrace her and pull her into a deep, passionate kiss. You marvel at the softness of her lips and the skill with which her tongue dances around yours. You feel like you’re melting into her, acutely aware of both her warm breathing and your own, much more rapid. Finally — oh God finally — it’s happening!

Your hands run up and down her body, caressing her waist and the curves of her hips, before daringly grasping at her ass through her tight dress. As you squeeze her buns she thrusts her tongue even deeper and gently moans directly into your mouth, before breaking the kiss with a quick nip of your lower lip. She pulls back, a thin string of saliva connecting you briefly before it breaks and falls on to her chin. She wipes it away with the back of her hand.

“Slow down boy. Sit over there.”

You sit on the edge of the bed with a massive tent in your pants while Lucy stands in front of you, tantalizingly only just within reach.

“I suppose you’d like to get me out of this dress?” she teases.

You nod silently. The red dress has no zipper, it’s just a tight sheath that clings to her body. Lucy takes it by the hem and pulls it up, inside out and over her head in one fluid motion before discarding it on the floor. She’s left standing before you in sheer black bra and panties, lace-topped stockings and suspenders. The panties have a lace pattern throughout but are mostly see-through. You’d be able to see her pubic hair if she had any, but from what you can tell, it appears that she doesn’t.

She twirls for you, flashing her ass. There’s a ruching detail and a central seam on the back of her panties that causes them to hug the curves of her cheeks. The effect is dick-stiffeningly sexy.

“You like?” she asks.

“Oh yeah,” you reply. Her body is as good as you’ve always imagined.

“I bet you’ve been dreaming about seeing these.” Lucy takes her small breasts in her hands and squeezes them through her bra.

She’s right on the money there. You reach out towards her, but she steps back.

“Not so fast. One of us is still over-dressed.”

You take the hint, trying not to rush as you remove your clothes, then sit back down in your underpants.

“Those too. I want to see what I’m getting,” says Lucy.

You nervously tug your underwear down, revealing your erect cock in all its turgid glory. You look around nervously. If this is one giant practical joke, now would be the approximate time that the camera crew would reveal themselves.

“Nice,” says Lucy, licking her lips with her eyes glued to your cock. She kneels down in front of you and cradles it in one hand, while using her other hand to gently scratch it up and down with her fingernails. It jumps in her grasp.

“So who shall I be for you tonight?” she breathes sexily. “I do fantasies. I can be dirty slut Lucy, girlfriend Lucy, innocent virgin Lucy…” 

“Call me Master, you insolent slave,” you sneer. You’re going to take advantage of this opportunity to make her do whatever you say.

“Yes Master. Sorry Master,” Lucy replies obsequiously. You smile, relieved that she’s playing along with the fantasy.

“You exist only to pleasure me. Do you understand, slave?”

“Yes Master. I’ll do anything you want.”

“Take off your bra,” you command.

“Yes, Master. She reaches behind her back to undo the clasp, then shrugs the bra off her shoulders. You gaze enraptured as her perky little tits spring free. They’re small, but perfectly formed.

“Come here, slave.” You take her by the hands and draw her to you. She stands between your legs as you sit on the side of the bed, her breasts just above eye level. You wrap your arms around her waist and take a nipple into your mouth.

Lucy strokes your head as you suckle her. You feel her nipple harden and lengthen in your mouth. “Suck it harder,” she whispers.

“I give the orders here, not you,” you warn her. Nevertheless, you increase the suction, then start biting on her nipple and flicking it with your tongue. Your hands move around to grasp her breasts firmly and you bury your face in her cleavage, pressing her tits together against your face, before taking the other breast into your mouth. You suck it hard and release it with a pop.

Your hands slide down to caress Lucy’s bottom through her panties. You’re so close that your cock brushes against her nylon stockings, leaving a wet smear above her knee.

She twists around and lowers her sexy butt on to your lap, sitting sideways with your cock pressed against her hip. She deftly kicks off her high-heels.

“You’ve finally got your hands on me, Master. So what have you fantasized about doing with me?” she asks coquettishly. 

“Well, for starters, we’re not going to need these panties,” you inform her. You’re practically salivating at the prospect of getting access to their contents.

“Your wish is my command.” She obediently gets up off your lap and stands in front of you. Bending forward, she reaches down to unclip the suspenders from the front of each stocking in turn, her small breasts jiggling as she fiddles with the clasps. Then she turns around and waits for you to unclip them at the back. Her ass is so close to your face you could lean forward and sink your teeth into it.

With the stockings unclipped, she deftly removes the suspender belt and hooks her thumbs into the waist of her panties.

“Wait. Bend over. Do it slow,” you suggest.

“Like this, Master? She bends forward, thrusting her bottom toward you, then slowly eases her panties down, revealing her naked buns inch by inch. When her thumbs reach her upper thighs, the gusset of her knickers sticks in her wet crotch for a moment before she gives a final tug and they drop to her ankles.

You drop to your knees and, taking her hips in your hands, you lavish Lucy’s ass with kisses. You’re in heaven as you press your face into that sweet place where thigh and buttock meet. You bite it gently and she giggles. “That tickles!”

“Turn around.” She’s quick to obey and you find yourself presented with her pretty little pussy — delicate, snug and smoothly shaved. You take her butt in your hands and kiss her bald pudendum.

“I’m not worthy, Master!” she gasps, placing her hand on the back of your head.

Without ceremony you dive in to her honeypot, lapping her slit from end to end before finding her clit with your tongue. You alternately flick and suck it. All the while your hands grope at her bottom, kneading her soft flesh, feeling her buttocks tighten under your palms when you hit the perfect spot. You’re determined to make this awesome for her, in anticipation of later reward. As you tongue-fuck her cunt, you try not to think of all the strange dicks that have been shoved up it.

“You’re really good at this,” she groans, dropping the slave act for a moment. Her pussy is becoming a swamp of spit and girl-juice, almost drowning you in the slippery secretions that coat your mouth, nose and chin.

You keep going, feeling your jaw start to ache, but determined to bring her off. You want to be the client that she remembers. You want to be her favorite.

You bear down on her clit and double your efforts, pressing hard against her button with your squirming tongue. It does the trick. Her butt clenches in your hands and her legs start to shake.

“Oh God Master! I’m cumming!” she cries, and she clamps your head between her legs. Unable to move or breathe you just have to ride it out. Her convulsions seem to last an eternity.

Finally Lucy lets you go. She tries standing without using your face for support but her wobbly legs fail her and she collapses on the bed. You wipe your mouth, feeling pretty pleased with yourself.

“I bet none of the other guys ever did that to you,” you say smugly.

“Well, actually, there was this older guy who…” Lucy begins before catching herself. “Oh no, you were awesome. The best ever!”

“Hmmfff.” 

Lucy kisses your neck, her hand cradling your head, then whispers in your ear. “I know what you need, Master. Lie back on the bed and let your slave pleasure you.”

You eagerly jump on the bed and prop yourself up with pillows. Slowly stroking your stiff dick, you stare at Lucy’s bare ass as she rummages in her bag.

She pulls out a tube of lubricant. “We definitely don’t need this!” she says to herself before tossing it back in. After more hunting she finds a box of condoms. “Aha!”

“Do we really need one of those?” you ask stupidly, momentarily forgetting that Lucy is a dirty whore who’s fucked God-knows how many men. Of course you need them!

“If it’s not on, it’s not on,” she replies. “It’s the rules!”

She sits next to you on the bed and tears open the wrapper with her teeth. “I know a trick,” she says, then puts the condom in her mouth. She steadies your cock in her hand, then lowers her head and engulfs your knob with her lips. It takes all your restraint not to thrust your hips and bury your cock deep in her throat.

Some utterly miraculous tongue-work follows, accompanied by delightful wet and warm sensations that make you tremble. When she finally raises her head from your crotch, the condom is unrolled half-way down your shaft. She finishes the job with her hand, winking at you cheekily.

“Impressive!” you manage to utter, before she spits on your latex-encased member and takes it back into her mouth again. She takes it all the way in until her nose is pressed against you and holds herself there with your knob pressed against the back of her throat until she starts to gag. She follows this with a minute of more conventional sucking until your cock is so hard it could smash rocks.

“It looks like you’re ready, Master. Do I have permission to fuck you?” she finally asks.

You couldn’t be more ready. “Oh yeah!”

Lucy smiles as she throws her leg over, settling into a sitting position astride you. Her pussy sandwiches your cock against your stomach. She grinds herself back and forth, her wet nether lips spread apart with your shaft pressed tight between them. You reach out and place your hands on her hips as she slithers along the length of your rod.

Finally Lucy stops the tease. She raises herself up and takes your prick in her hand, guiding it to her dripping entrance. She slowly starts sinking down, impaling herself on your dick. “Ohhh, thank you Master!” she groans.

She slides all the way down until her buttocks kiss your thighs and you both sigh heavily. Her pussy is nice and tight — all her whoring-around hasn’t loosened it up yet. She looks you in the eye and twitches her cunt walls, tightening them like a vice around your shaft. Yet another hidden talent.

“I’ve been practicing that for you, Master,” she explains.

Lucy raises herself up, to almost your full length, then slams herself down balls-deep, over and over again. Her little tits jiggle alluringly and your hands find their way to them, squeezing them firmly with her stiff nipples poking out between your fingers.

“Oh God, it’s good to be able to go all the way down,” she murmurs to herself.

You’re inclined to agree — but hang on — was that a dig at the size of your cock? You’re not small. What monsters has she had up there? It’s best not to think about it.

“Be quiet, slave!” you command, trying to keep the fantasy going.

“Sorry, Master.”

“Just shut up and fuck me!”

Lucy sinks right down on your dick and stops bouncing. She leans back on her arms and starts gyrating her hips, giving you a spectacular display of her cunt wrenching your prick from side to side. The condom doesn’t survive this treatment. You feel it split, and when she starts bouncing on you again it becomes nothing more than a ragged ring of rubber around the base of your cock.

The sensation of your uncovered prick in Lucy’s tight, wet cunt is heavenly, but you feel you should tell her what happened. “Um… Lucy, the rubber just broke.”

She inspects the damage. “Oh crap, not another one.”

You start to feel alarmed. “What do you mean, another one?”

“They’re always doing this. I should probably check the use-by date,” she says, shrugging. She doesn’t seem that worried about it. In turn, this makes you more worried about it.

“When’s the last time you were tested?” you ask nervously.

She leans forward and places her finger over your lips. “Ssshh. Don’t worry about it. You only live once!” And with that, she starts bouncing on your cock again.

You have to admit that fucking Lucy bareback feels much better than before, and besides, any damage has already been done. You try to put it out of your mind, instead focusing on the delectable sight of your wife’s friend wearing nothing but stockings, her tits bouncing around as she’s humping her pussy up and down on your cock.

You push yourself upright and wrap your arms around her, then pull her back down with you so that her breasts are pressed against your chest and her ass is in the air. Now you are the one doing the work. You grab her butt and thrust your hips, driving your cock up into her. You feel your excitement building. You’re fucking Lucy! You’re really fucking her!

Lucy’s face is in your neck and you can feel her hot breath as she moans “Fuck me Master! I’m not worthy. Please keep fucking my worthless cunt!”

You pull Lucy’s head back by her hair and kiss her hotly, exchanging panting breaths with her. Your thrusting is getting more ragged now, more urgent. You’ve reached the point of no return. 

“Quick, I wanna cum on your face,” you groan. Perhaps you’ve watched too much porn, but blowing your load on Lucy’s face seems the perfect way to finish.

She doesn’t seem to have any problem with this, wasting no time climbing off your cock and shuffling down the bed. You grab your dick in one hand and her hair in the other, holding her in position while you frantically beat your meat.

“Please cum for me, Master. Cum all over your slave’s face,” she begs.

You’ve wanked a hundred times thinking about this moment. With a low moan you succumb to the waves of pleasure surging through you and aim your prick right at the target.

The first blast sends a stream up the side of her nose, her forehead and into her hair. The second hits her right in the eye. She blinks rapidly and turns aside, copping the third load down her neck. Finally, perhaps in an effort to avoid getting any more in her eyes, she gobbles your knob into her mouth and sucks the final two spurts out of you. She keeps sucking until you go all sensitive and it feels like she’s sucking your testicles out through your pee-hole.

Lucy wipes the thick white glob out of her eye with two fingers and proceeds to suck them clean. Then you watch, panting, as she takes your softening dick and uses it to smear your shiny, gooey load all over her cheeks, chin and partly open mouth.

“That’s only ‘cause you paid double,” she says with a smile.