You stop at a nice little suburban house with a big garden in the back. The grass has been freshly mown and a sprinkler is showering droplets of refreshing water onto the plants.

Much more interesting is the garden's occupant.

There in the middle of the lawn is a woman sunbathing nude on a cushioned deck chair. The only piece of clothing you can see on her is a black thong. Other than that, she's totally naked.

Even from this distance, she looks drop-dead gorgeous. She looks to be in her late twenties or early thirties. Her skin is only lightly tanned, and her hair is blonde and shoulder-length. Her legs are toned and her body has curves in all the right places. Her breasts are perky and prominent, although you can't tell if they're natural from this distance. Not that it matters that much when the rest of her is so sexy.

As you spy on her from the edge of the garden, you can't help but grin. This is almost too easy. You're in a little side path between the houses where it's hard to see the street beyond. You can't see anyone else around and here is a sexy little vixen bearing all to the world just begging to be fucked.

Something perks up inside your shorts. Your cock distracts you for a moment as it stiffens in response to what you're seeing. Your brain is advising caution, but your cock is telling you to seize this opportunity.

You keep your libido in check…for now. If you're going to fuck this woman and get away with it, you'll need to be smart about it, and patient. You take a more careful look around and notice that the back door is already open, it's the perfect opportunity to enter undetected. Why break in when you can sneak in?

Stepping carefully over the picket fence, you skirt around behind the woman as she lies basking in the sun. You creep towards the back door, not moving too fast in case you trip over something and give yourself away, and not too slowly in case you're spotted. She's completely unaware of your presence, and hopefully, none of the neighbors notice as you tease the back door open a little wider and slip inside.

You breathe a sigh of relief before looking around. You're in a nice little open plan kitchen, and beyond you can see a dining table and a living room with a big long sofa. The lights are out and the sun is shining in through the back door and windows, making it just light enough to see but dark enough to hide somewhere.

That was a lot easier than you thought it would be, but of course, that was the easy part. You're inside the house now, and you'll have to wait until your target comes back inside before making your move.

There's no need to rush things. She'll come back inside sooner or later, and in the meantime, you can take a look around and prepare an ambush for her.

Wary that there might be other people in the house, you sneak through the living room and head up the stairs. The stairs are carpeted, but the creaking noise they make as you head upstairs makes you cringe. However, you reach the second-floor landing without incident and take another look around.

There are a couple of doors on the landing, one of which is ajar. You sneak in through the gap and find yourself in a large bedroom with a king-sized bed dominating the space and a set of wardrobes along the opposite wall. To your left is another door leading into a bathroom.

This seems like an awfully large house for just one person to live in. Your little sex raid will become much harder to pull off with two or more people in the house.

You hear the creaking of carpeted floorboards from the corridor outside. Someone's coming up the steps! Is it the woman coming back from sunbathing in the garden? Is it someone else who lives here?

You make a beeline for the bathroom door, slipping inside and shutting the door as quietly as possible. You dare not lock it. If you do, she'll know that someone else is in the house.

It's a nice bathroom they've got. Besides the toilet and shower, there's also a jacuzzi tub and a big waterproof rug covering the floor, at least you assume it's waterproof.

You hear someone on the other side of the door, presumably the woman you came here to attack. You hear her toss a towel or something onto the bed before taking something off.

Is she getting ready to take a shower?

That's what it seems like, and your hunch is confirmed as you hear her pick the towel up again and approach the bathroom door.

The door opens and your prey walks in. She sees you and almost screams but you clamp your hand over her mouth and pull her inside, slamming the door shut and locking it for good measure. This isn't quite how you intended to surprise her, but you've got her now and she can't escape.

You shove her down onto the carpeted floor of the bathroom and pull your shorts down as she stares up at you in shock and fear. You notice her well-trimmed landing strip of pubic hair on her crotch and the jeweled piercing in her navel, and the sluttiness of the ornament turns you on even more.

"What are you doing in my house?!" she demands, sounding more angry than fearful.

Then she registers that you just pulled your shorts down and registers the sight of your iron-hard manhood standing erect and ready, and the answer to her question dawns on her.

You sink to your knees and scramble towards her as she scrambles backward, but you're faster and you grab her by the ankles and pull her back towards you, quickly positioning yourself between her thighs and lining up your uncomfortably hard cock with her precious entrance.

You could take your sweet time, given that she's trapped in a locked bathroom with you, but you're eager to fuck her and you don't want to waste too much time on foreplay.

You enter her with little ceremony, gasping with satisfaction as your girth stretches the wet and succulent flesh of her pussy. She feels it too, and her eyes go wide at the violation. You strip your shirt off and toss it to one side, letting her see your well-sculpted muscles and the hint of a six-pack on your stomach.

You delight in your power over her. Not only are you bigger and stronger than she is, but you're balls deep inside her and you intend to take full advantage of her.

You bear down on her and start thrusting into her body, focusing your power on every stroke, deliberately making her yelp as you thrust into her womanhood. Her body delights you as you fuck her. She's got curves in all the right places, and that sexy little belly piercing just can't be ignored.

As you settle into a rhythm, you hold on to her hips as you take her. She's putting up a surprisingly feeble fight throughout the rape. Maybe she's overawed by the sight of your naked body. Maybe she's too terrified to fight back and thinks it's safer to let you fuck her. Either way, she's not giving you much trouble, and you focus on the pleasure her pussy is giving you, and the unwanted pleasure you're giving her.

You turn up the intensity of your thrusting, fucking her harder and faster until her involuntary whimpers become rhythmic yelps to match your strokes. Her skin is soft and supple, too, and you begin running your hands all over her sexy body. First, her flat belly crowned with that navel piercing, then her perky breasts which you notice are completely natural, and then back down again to her hips.

Already, you can feel the first stirrings of your climax brewing down below. Her soaking wet pussy feels so tight around your cock it's almost like a fleshy suction tube, but a thousand times more erotic. You briefly wonder if she's on birth control - very briefly. You don't really care, if you leave anything behind it will be her problem to sort out.

Your victim's eyes are vacant and delirious as if the pleasure is catching up with her and diluting her fear. Your own pleasure is most definitely starting to build, and you wonder how much longer you can last at this rate.

Not very long. Nor do you want to. The gift of orgasm is waiting to be received, and you accelerate your thrusting to a mad frenzy, pounding and pounding away at the gloriously wet and welcoming pussy for all it's worth.

Her yelps become moans and wails of forced pleasure as she's forced to endure the uncontrolled lust of an unbridled rapist with no thought on his mind except to fill her with his seed.

After a few more frenzied moments of fucking, that's exactly what you do.

You thrust yourself into her with a snarl of pure pleasure as your orgasm reaches critical mass, holding onto her body as tightly as possible. The first jet of potent semen fills her pussy, followed by the second jet and then the third and the fourth. You just keep on cumming, jet after jet of potent seed delivered by the most vigorous sex your victim has probably ever had.
Honey, is everything ok in there?" you hear someone ask.

You freeze up when you hear that it's a man's voice. You're still balls deep inside your victim, still releasing little shots of your seed into her when he knocks. Only now do you notice the wedding ring on her finger and realize that you've just raped a married woman.

"Help!" she shrieks suddenly, "Call the cops! Someone-"

Her cry for help catches you completely by surprise and you clamp your hand over her mouth before she can say anymore, but it's too late. She's given you away, and her husband starts shouting and banging on the door which, fortunately, you had the good sense to lock.

You're screwed, and you're victim screwed you.

The rational part of your mind reminds you that you brought this on yourself by entering a private residence and raping the woman who gave you away, but it's drowned out by a tidal wave of potent emotions.

You feel rage at having been given away. You feel panic at having been discovered. But above all, you feel an overwhelming sense of foreboding knowing that there is no escape for you now.

You can already hear her husband frantically dialing the three digits and yelling for the cops to come to the house. You're going away for a long time, but in the meantime, you're alone in the bathroom with his wife, and you may as well make the most of it.

That, and names like it, are what the media ends up calling you. The papers report that you broke into a suburban house and repeatedly raped the woman who lived there in the bathroom for almost an hour while her husband tried to break in. When law enforcement arrives, they have to bring in a team with a battering ram to break the bathroom door off its hinges.

From the moment your victim cried out for help, you knew there would be no escape. You also knew that the bathroom door was sturdy enough that no one would be getting out or coming in short of breaking the door open. In the meantime, you were alone with your victim who was completely at your mercy for almost a whole hour.

That hour was the most surreal sexual experience you've ever had. You did more or less exactly what the news reports would later claim you did: you fucked her again and again, your ravenous libido fuelled by a potent mix of arousal, desperation, and a potent nihilistic understanding that this was the last hour of freedom you would have for a very long time.

You can only imagine what your victim's husband must have been thinking, knowing that his wife was trapped on the other side of a locked door and being completely helpless as he listened to the sound of another man violating her again and again.

But you remember very clearly the convoluted look of terror, anger, and involuntary pleasure on the woman's face as you violated her repeatedly. You raped her like a sexual demon, consumed with lust for her body, cumming inside her pussy over and over and over again, and releasing a bestial snarl of orgasmic pleasure on each release.

Your victim was a lot tougher than she looked, mentally and physically. Not once did she stop struggling against you as you entered and re-entered her, however futile her struggles were. As her body responded to your own in ways she never thought possible, her cries of fear morphed part-way into cries of pleasure, so much so that neither you, nor her husband, nor even she could distinguish her anguish from the ecstasy.

Your own stamina amazes you in retrospect. Maybe it was the potent emotional cocktail of lust and rage that kept you hard for so long, but you were completely unable to stop fucking her until the cops finally broke down the door and arrested you at gunpoint.

The lurid details of your crime guarantee that you'll spend well over a decade behind bars. That's over a decade in a place where the inmates often do to each other what you did to end up there in the first place. Even then, your notoriety will probably ensure that you're never granted parole.

Nine months after the attack your victim gives birth.