Surprisingly, you arrive early to school with the utmost eagerness to learn. It's almost ironic isn't it that you, a slacker and thug for your entire education would find yourself suddenly enjoying the boredom and imprisonment of high school as if it was the single greatest place on earth. Honestly, you could place your hand on your heart and say proudly without a hint of a lie, that you loved your time here at Cunnus High.

Soon your friends meet up with you outside of school, arriving almost at the same time. Quarterbacks, Greg and Matt form the muscle of your group, being two of the stars in the football team. Behind them, David walked towards you, uninterested in what the two knuckleheads were saying with his dyed black goth scooped to the side. And finally there was Jake, who had a thing for older women, completing our little bandwagon club of cruel intentions.

You all greet each other with smiles, knowing what the day was likely to provide and then climbed up the steps that led to Cunnus High, walking into school in search for your first victim.

The five of you discuss possible targets when you certainly remember that you have to do something so you decide to leave them to it. Your sure that they'll manage to find a fresh pussy to brutally fuck just fine without you.

The fact that you would be missing out somewhat does occur to you but you've just remembered that you've managed to arrange something special for yourself and you definitely don't want to wait.

Heading to your school locker, you slam you fist at the metal cover, creating a loud bang. The little whimper that you hear back is so precious that you can't help yourself but do it again, just to scare the girl that you have stuffed inside.

You decide that it's probably time to let Grace out. After all, she's been trapped in there for the whole weekend and is likely feeling cramped and claustrophobic. It's her own fault really as you were able to learn last week that she's deathly afraid of small spaces.

Feeling kind, you unlock your locker and open it up to find the miserable sight of a girl who's been forced to face her worse fear and had lost. You had imagined that the bitch would have shown you some gratitude for you letting her out but her icy stare just burns a hole through your head.

"How you doing slut? Have you been enjoying your own company?"

"Fuck you! You're nothing but an animal! How could you leave me in there for days without any food?"

You smirk at the thought of Grace's misery, enjoying every bit of her justified anger. "Hey at least I give you a bottle of water to drink and a bag to piss in."

"It was one bottle and my pencil case! It's full so I've been having to hold it! Please just leave me alone and let me go pee."

You decide to be nice and allow her to go pee before she wets herself. Grace rushes off to the girl's toilets, clearly having held her bladder for longer than what was healthy. Unbeknownst to her, you follow and slip in after her with your mobile phone already taken out from your pocket.

She hurries into a bathroom cubicle and tries to close the door when you stop her. You push your way in, much to her horror and then start recording.

"No don't film me!"

You ignore her protest, zooming your phone's camera across Grace's stunning body. The way her face is turning red just adds to cuteness, making her seem like an innocent angel that you were going to use in order to sin.

"Go on then cunt, empty your bladder."

She hates that your filming her but knows that arguing with you would be pointless. You record every moment of it as she dits down on the toilet and then tries to pee, adorably being very self-conscious as you film her.

She covers her big D-cup tits with her arm and then holds up the other to her face so that she can hide herself using her hand. The effort fails to really preserve any of her dignity but it looks cute.

Soon, you hear the pattering sound of running liquid as Grace pees in front of you, humiliated at the film that you're planning on uploading online.

You let her clean up and then grab her by her long brown hair, dragging her back to your locker for more fun.

"You could have left me in your locker with some food in there. I'm starving. Do you at least have something that I can eat in your bag?"

With fake sympathy, you mock her by answering, "Aww, are you hungry Grace? Does my little pet want a treat?"

"Yes you bastard!"

You search your bag and find a chocolate bar that's still in its packaging. When you take it out in front of Grace, her eyes sparkle with genuine gratefulness. The poor slut really must have been hungry.

It was therefore good fun for you to open the wrappings in front of her and then take a big bite.

The way her hopeful smile instantly vanished was priceless. You proceeded to torment her further by finishing the entire bar, over selling the cardboard like chocolate whilst Grace looked up at you with tears in her eyes. You knew that this was completely unnecessary but it enhanced the game, allowing you to enjoy Grace's misery even more.

"Why don't you beg for it and perhaps then I'll give you something to swallow."

"Please! Please give me something to eat."

She looks away from you, turning her head so you would not be able the distress that you're inflicting on her. You then crumble up the empty sweet wrapper and throw it at the starving girl's face, making a single tear roll down her cheek.

"You know what Grace, I think I do have a treat for you but you're going to have to earn the sticky reward."

There's visible dread in her expression as she figures out what your intentions are. You confirm her fears when you reach down to unzip your pants and pull out your cock.

Grace looks repulsed by what you're pointing at her, especially when you use your hardened rod to lightly slap her, causing a nice percussion sound as your cock bounces of her cheek. She makes such a good drum that you wind your arm back and then you slap her for real, whacking your palm against her pretty face so hard that you knock her to the floor.

"Well, what are you waiting for? Suck my cock bitch!"

She whimpers for a bit on the floor before she's able to pick herself up. When she does, her hand is covering where you had just slapped her as the pain burns across her skin. The sheer amount of hatred that she now has for you is impossible for her to hide which makes what you're forcing her to do, so much more pleasurable.

Shyly, Grace starts of by just licking the tip. Her warm tongue runs along the head of your cock, tentatively surrendering herself to you by holding back her evident disgust. If you weren't fully erect a few seconds ago, you certainly are now Grace's tongue licks you to bliss and when she runs her hot breath across the surface of your skin by opening her mouth to take you all in, you loose yourself in wild lust.

She sucks you by wrapping her soft lips around your invading dagger. You no longer recognise her displeasure and repulsion but it's still there, visible on the surface as she reluctantly bobbled her head back and forth. Her rhythm is slow at first but she speeds up, wanting to get this over as quickly as she possibly could.

Eventually you feel her gagging as she takes your cock to her throat and is not willing to push herself any further just to pleasure you. The slut should have known better.

You grab the back of her head and then proceed to force yourself down Grace's throat. She struggles against the new degree of violation but her weak fist don't deter you as she desperately pounds into your stomach. Soon you manage to make the whore take it, pushing your cock in deeper whilst she gags and looses the privilege of being able to breathe.

Still you push further, wanting to make your entire length disappear into Grace's pleasuring mouth. Eventually she does and your stinking balls touch the choking girl's chin. Now it's time to really start fucking her so you give her some slack by pulling some of your cock out before without warning, you slam the whole thing back in.

Her eyes widen when you do so, looking semiconscious in disbelief that you would fuck her mouth so roughly. She gags violently as you mercilessly pound her face hole, desperately trying to push you away whilst your cock impales her contorted throat.

Connected together, you can tell what she's thinking. She wants you to hurry up and cum. You decide that you'll fulfill her wish, pounding even harder and faster than before to until you feel yourself about to explode.

You make sure that your grip on her head is held tight, grasping hold of Grace's hair and pushing her down. When she tastes the first drops of your pre-cum, her entire body reacts violently to the salty flavouring by almost throwing up. Of course, her gagging only makes fucking her throat feel even better as you make the suffering angel who's on her knees, know what her mouth is there for.

She cries as you cum your load, unable to hold back any longer. Your foulness invades her throat before she dry-heaves it back up so it can torment her tongue with it's sticky, overpowering taste.

You keep her held down to make her at least swallow some of it before finally releasing her, allowing Grace to cough, gasp for air and spit out your nasty cum.

"You...you asshole! It tastes awful! You've had your fun, now leave me alone!"

You just laugh at the cum strained girl that's kneeing beneath and let her know that you're no where near finished using her.
Grace is about to cry as you finally let her get up. She is shaking and close to tears. Whimpering, she turns around and cleans her face with her sleeve. "Don't dare to talk to me again! If you ever touch me again, I will rip your balls of. I swear it."

You never cared about such empty promises. This slut will never be able to stand up to you. But her respektless behavior against you really is a problem. She seems still to not understand who is in charge. You decide that she needs a tougher lesson. Suddenly you have an idea. Instead of spending your whole day with boring lectures, you will take Grace to your home. There you will break her and make her your personal slut. And if it teaches her respect for superiors, it is much more worth then another lecture in history or biology.

So you reach for her and push her against the wall. "Who said you can leave, cunt. We are not finished yet"

"Are you crazy? You asshole kept me in your fucking locker for the whole weekand with nothing to eat. And then you forced me to eat your fucking cum. What else do you huge pervert want? Let me go! I want to shower and eat something before class."

"Well, then you don't have to hurry. We will not attend class today."

"What are you talking, bastard? It is Monday. I have to got to math. So let me go!"

You smile at their fruitless struggle and pull out two sheets of paper. These are health certificates from a doctor.

"Where the hell did you get them from?"

"You know, my neighbor is a doctor. One day I saw him fucking one of his patients. And to keep it a secret from his wife, he signed some of these notes for me. All I have to do is enter the date and illness and can not stay at home. And sadly it looks like we two are sick today. We have to stay at home."

"You asshole blackmails your own neighbor? That is pathetic. You're pathetic. Let me go! I'm not going to come with you so you can hurt me or put your wretched penis in me and fuck me like the stupid garbage-eating animal that you are. I will go to class and tell the teacher. You are fucked, fucker."

For this you slap her hard across her ass, which makes her yelp in pain. "You will do what I tell you, slut. You will come with me, whether you like it or not."

"No … Ow … I will not … Ow … Stop it! Ow. I will not come with you … Ow … you fucking bastard … Ow … Let. Me. Go! Ow."

You see, it's pointless to spank her ass anymore. The School officially begins in half an hour and you need more time to teach her some respect. Fortunately you have all the equipment you need to take her with you. Even against her will.

In your backpack you have a roll of duct tape. And a cloth to gag her. Her eyes widen as you let go of her and pull the cloth out of her bag.

"Hey, what are you doing? What is this cloth for? Stop it! I cry for help."

Quickly you stuff the cloth in her mouth. She screams in panic, but it sounds soft and muffled. Then you tear off a strip of tape and seal her mouth. She struggles, squirms, kicks and hits you, but you are too strong for this little slut. It takes a moment, but you can force her arms behind her back and tie them together with a long strip of the tape. Afterwards you do the same with her legs. She is now completely tied up and the hardest resistance she has left is to rove around like a worm on the floor. You lift her up and faces her closely.

"You know, I did not have to do that, cunt. If you were less bitchy and more like the slut you are, you could ride comfortably in the passenger seat. But now only the trunk remains for you. So do not blame me for your situation, you little whore."

You tickle her pussy a bit, noticing that it is wet for some time. It is indeed very wet. She gives you an unpleasant moan as her juices drop at the floor. With a little force you push her back into your locker. Her panic screams can be easily ignored because of the gag. At first you head to the Office and give the secretary the health certificates. The secretary accept the certificates and praise you because you came here despite alleged illness.

Back at the locker, you free Grace who has started crying. Big tears roll down her cheks. As you pull her out of the locker she attempts to flee by hopping away with her legs still tied together. But she is very slow and you get to grasp her after only a few steps. You smack her ass another time. This time very hard and it claps very loud. Grace yowls in her gag but you don't care. You throw her over your shoulder, getting a good grip on her jucy ass and decide to carry her the rest of the way to your car.

"Why do you have to make so much trouble? You only make it worse for you. Don't you get it?"

"Fmmhmm Ammhmm Mmmt hmm mhmm Hmm mh mh"

You do not understand what makes you smile. She throws herself back and forth, but does not come off your shoulder. Your grip is too tight.

You enter your car smiling. Imaging the fun you can have with your victim. Grace on the other hand seems to be very unpleased. She is once again shouting in her gag and tugging on the duct tape. But you know all her struggles are fruitless. This tape is to strong for a slut like her. With a slight smile, you drive of.

Usually it's only a short drive to your home. But after Grace is still causing trouble, you decide to go a long way to keeping her longer in the trunk where it is hot, muffy and close. Not the best circumstances for someone with claustrophobia.

"Hey, slut, are you hot? Well, of course you are, but is it hot back there. I don't know, because I have an air conditioner here."

Grace cusses and growls at you. But it sounds all the same. Muffled and indistinct. You love this sounds.

The ride is getting hotter with every minute. It is still a hot month after all. You start to sweat even with your air conditioner. Grace must feel like she is melting back there in the trunk. At last she has stopped her useless complainments and shouting.

After half an hour you arrive at your home. Even for you the ride was exhausting and Grace hasn't much to drink because she was locked in you locker for the weekand. Outside the air is cooler and more fresh than in your car. Especially in the humid trunk. You open your trunk and take a look at your captive. Immediately she takes a deep breath of the fresh air. Because of her gag she can only use her nose.

Like you thougt her clothes are soaking wet. She looks like she's going to collapse at any moment. Her eyes begging you to give her something to drink. Secretly, you are impressed that she has lasted so long. Of cause you will not tell her that.

"Well, slut, are you thirsty? Do you want something to drink? How about water for the little slut?"

While you mocking her, you play with her wet breasts. But this time Grace didn't care. She only mumbles something in her gag and nods nods eagerly. You wonder how much she would do for some water.<|endoftext|> 
<|startoftext|>You immediately remember Amy, a girl you know from College. She is probably one of the most beautiful girls around, but seems to have no interest in the guys around her, claiming that she is waiting for the perfect one.

You always imagined what it would be like to have her kneeling under you, catering to your whims, and with your powers it would be as easy as showing up at her door.

You pack a few things you might need and drive over to her apartment. Picking her lock is easy enough and you slip inside.


As you enter, you hear the distinctive sound of someone showering. You quietly strip outside her bathroom door. Picking her bathroom lock is as easy as her main door, and you sneak inside.

On her shower curtain, you see a silhouette you have dreamed of for as long as you can remember. Steeling yourself, you pull the curtain to the side. She screams, but it is immediately cut short as you clamp your hand around her mouth.

Immediately you notice her green eyes, widened in shock, and her brown hair wet from the shower. Your gaze slips downward at a sight you have only imagined through tight shirts and skinny jeans. The water flows between her small breasts, cascading toward a pair of firm and thin legs. You would take a moment to appreciate the sight, but she is already struggling to break free of your grasp. Your powers make it more than trivial for you to dominate her, but nonetheless you let go a little, still holding on in case she tries to make a break for it.

"What are you doing in here? Please don't hurt me" she whimpers, her attempts to break free yielding nothing but your firm grip.

"I've always thought you were the most beautiful girl I've seen, but I knew I had no chance, especially when you turned down some of the hottest guys in school. Now that I have you here..." you trail off, lost in what you have in your hands.

"Listen, I don't --"

You cut her off, one hand at her mouth, the other sliding slowly down her back. You whisper in her ear: "I've made my decision, and you can't change it. The best you can do is accept it".

She looks at you, paralyzed for a moment, then quietly whimpers and closes her eyes. She silently begins to cry, her tears mixing with the water you follow down her body.

You kiss her softly on the eyelids, then let yourself wander over her, feeling every inch of her skin. You feel for the warmth between her legs and caress her breasts in your palms, all while the heat of the water cascades on the both of you. Your erection grows slowly, and as it touches her she jumps away reflexively. You pull her back and continue to get acquainted with her supple body. Even your wildest dreams pale in comparison to the feeling of her skin and firmness of her flesh.

This continues for a while, you poring over her every angle as she tries her best to stand quietly and not break down. You break the silence suddenly by announcing to her "I want you to take it into your mouth".

Her eyes open and look at you with fear and uncertainty. "But, I've never done that... I don't... I--" Amy softly sputters. You respond by pressuring her shoulders, pushing her down to her knees. You take her brown hair into your hand and push her head toward your glistening cock. "Just do what comes naturally, I'm in no rush".

She utters one last "Please..." before giving up and lapping at your cockhead. She looks up every so often, her face an interesting mix of disgust in her degradation, and fear of slipping up and incurring your wrath. You don't care; the view and feeling as she licks her way up and down your shaft is incredible regardless of her inexperience. Every so often she pulls away for a moment, possibly to rest her jaw, and returns her tongue to your shaft. Each time she does it, it is as though you are having your first blowjob again and again. You slowly begin to command her more, teaching her how to best pleasure you and guiding her soft mouth around your cock.

Her licking becomes more and more pleasurable with each passing minute, but you find oddly enough that you enjoy it more when she breaks away, and you get to look at her delicate features. Her freckles frame a cute little nose and petite lips. Her eyes still shine with an almost innocence, buried under the emotions of disgust, fear, and anger.

You laugh at those who obsess over thick "dick sucking lips". Her petite lips and soft tongue grant more pleasure than any bimbo could.

Your laugh, however, panics Amy as she jerks back and looks up at you, wide-eyed in fear at the sudden motion. You take advantage of the break in her blowjob and grab her hair. Her mouth gasps in fright, but she says nothing except for a gasp as you use her head as your own sex toy.

Your guiding her head is far rougher than the blowjob she was giving previously, and is an entirely different sort of pleasure. She awkwardly scrabbles at your legs as your cock begins to choke her. Her panic becomes more and more frantic as you continue to push on the back of her head. When you judge that she can take no more, you abruptly release her and she falls backward into the bath, gasping for breath.

You don't delay long; as soon as her coughing and choking is over you grasp her wrist and splay out her palms, squeezing a bit of body wash into her hand. "Take a break, use your hands".

She gives you a look of anger, but she is still afraid enough for her anger to be tinged with submissiveness. She says nothing as she moves her hand to give you a hand-job. It is awkward, but even this awkward scene is something you would have sold a kidney to experience a week ago.

She looks like she might break down sobbing, but luckily she does no such thing, and even surprises you when she breaks the silence with a quiet "Please, let's just get this over with", and returns her mouth to the head of your cock. Your senses explode all over again as she begins sucking, almost with purpose this time.

Through what seems to be an eternity of ecstasy, she develops her own methods for using her cheeks, her tongue, her throat. She learns to lick at your balls, a feeling unlike any you have ever experienced. She learns how to envelop the entirety of your shaft into the warmth of her mouth, and slowly bob her head over the length of your cock. Your powers don't make it easy for Amy to make you cum, but slowly you feel the familiar pressure rising as Amy continues, oblivious. As the pressure grows unbearable, you start to take charge more, grabbing her hair and using her increasingly roughly. Finally, as you feel about to burst, you hold her head solidly, her face buried in your crotch.

She quickly realizes what is happening and steels herself as you let pulse after pulse of cum unload into her mouth. You marvel over the incredible amount of fluid, which immediately fills Amy's mouth and dribbles onto her chest.

"Don't swallow, and keep sucking" you exhale, your orgasmic fervor in its aftershocks. To her credit, she manages to keep her composure and continues bobbing her head along your shaft as the pulses subside.

"Open your mouth and show me" you command. She raises her head to you and reveals her small, delicate, mouth filled with your warm seed. Her face is largely inexpressive, but her eyes reveal her inner anger at your continuing degradation of her.

"Good girl, now swallow". As she takes a gulp, the remainder of the cum lays on her heaving chest, slowly being washed away by the water.

As you stare down at her lithe frame with the shock of such an intense orgasm subsiding, realization floods you. Your power has virtually no limits; you can do whatever you want with Amy, for as long as you want. This incredible night was just the beginning.

As if reading your thoughts, Amy looks up at you, her eyes wide again, reminding you of the innocence that drew you to her in the first place. "What are you going to do with me now" she whispers, almost as though she expects you to rape her again on the spot.
You look down at poor, poor Amy. Her mouth has been so kind to you tonight, and you consider taking her back home and turning her into your fucktoy.

As much fun as it would be to rape away her innocence, she's merely one girl out of millions. You could have someone like Amy for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and it wouldn't even make a dent.

With that thought in your head, you realize there is something you want from her, something you want even more than filling her holes with your cock. You want to feel her struggling beneath you, you want to feel her terror and agony as she submits to your dominance.

She looks at you, trembling and terrified, waiting for your next sentence.

"Get on the floor of the bathtub, on your back."

"I... I know you don't care... but I'm a virgin... please don't"

"Shut the fuck up and do as I say"

She's smart, and quits talking. She slowly slides down, eyeing you the entire way. You follow her down, and get on your knees, straddling her. There's a moment, a brief moment, where you take in her body. This delicate creature, with her piercing green eyes, is yours to use however you like. And in a moment, you are about to take everything away from her, discarding her as you would a condom.

You slowly close one of your hands around her throat. She opens her mouth, both in shock and in protest, but before she can say a word, you push her under the water.

Her arms instinctively grab your wrists as she tries to force your hand off of her neck, but it's no use, your powers make you untouchable. Her thin legs and beautiful chest heave in an attempt to knock you off, but you ignore it and squeeze tighter.

There's only so much a human can handle. You watch as her struggling grows weaker as the water fills her lungs. Her wide eyes display her terror and betrayal as they stare at you from beneath the waves. Finally, the hands that were clutching yours loosen and fall to the side as the last of her life evaporates.

You let go of her, and watch her body drift in the water. Her delicate body now lays broken by your hand, her brown hair flowing in the water, framing her beautiful little face.