The Sapphire Eagles, Queen Lianee's elite forces, believed that they were taking on a regiment all but broken. They believed your forces harried and exhausted, cut off from re-supply and on the brink of desertion.

It took time, effort, and some well-paid double agents to set up the ruse, but it worked brilliantly. When the swordswomen started to make their charge, your cavalry swept over the hill and cut them off, annihilating their archers and rendering retreat impossible. Without cover or aid, the main force of the Sapphire Eagles soon found themselves crushed between your cavalry and pikemen who showed no signs of weariness or uncertainty.

From atop a precipice near the launching point of your decisive cavalry charge, you watched the inevitable victory of your forces from horseback.

Now your vanguard returns, and they have brought a prize with them.

She struggles and spits as your men press her forward, her wrists bound behind her back. Nearly six feet in height, the redheaded beauty appears bruised but still as fiery as her mane. She wears a leather jerkin and short skirt, with thigh-high leggings beneath. Her trim, athletic frame is belied by her generous breasts and broad, curving hips.

Furious green eyes look up at you. "Misogynist dog!" She snarls. "You lick-spittles of that thin-blooded King Ashanon may have won this day, but it will be ashes in your mouths soon enough! You'll see!"

A shove from behind topples her onto her knees. With a gasp, she barely manages to avoid spilling gracelessly onto her face.

You smirk. Your men would not have questioned what you choose to do with this woman before; after today's victory, they certainly will not do so now. The only question is how to use her.

"Bring her to my tent."

A rowdy laugh rises from the men who hold the redhead, a squeal of anger and dismay from the woman. She struggles fruitlessly as they bear her to the grand purple pavilion that serves as your quarters as the noble leader of your contingent. You hear whispering among the men you pass along the way, interrupting their celebrations of their recent victory; as word spreads, there is more than a little lewd laughter following the unfortunate woman's passing.

The men fling her through the entrance flap, but wisely do not follow. They understand that the captive now belongs to you alone. As you enter the tent, your eyes slowly adjust from the mid-day sun to the flicker of oil lamps; the panting woman is first a silhouette, and slowly details of her supine form, bound on the carpet that makes the floor of your tent, fill in.

"I will never yield to you, tyrant male," she snarls. "Never!"

Without a word, you seize her by the hair, dragging her to her feet as she hisses in pain. She stumbles as you lead her to your bed, sitting down and casting her down across your lap like a recalcitrant child. Her legs dangle; her pert backside raised across your thighs.

"What are you doing?" She screeches. "What-"

You answer with a loud -SMACK- across her buttocks.

"Ah!... No, stop-!"

Her legs kick uselessly as you draw her skirt up to her waist. The thin linen loincloth she wears beneath provides little protection to her rounded flanks, and the next impact of your hand- flesh on flesh- is all the louder.

"Ow! Stop it! Stop it, you beast!"

Of course, you do no such thing. Slap after slap rains down across her backside as she struggles and twists. Your other hand presses down on the small of her back as her hands open and close, uselessly seeking to escape the bindings around her wrists.

"Stop it! I am an officer, a warrior, the leader of the Sapphire Eagles, you cannot-!"

You snort at her misapprehensions regarding the situation. Reaching down to the waist of her loincloth, you wrench it upward; the cloth pulls hard against her vaginal cleft before ripping apart, eliciting another screech from the redhead across your lap. Her curved ass now bared to you, you resume her chastisement.

-SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

"Ow! OW! Stop, you must- Ah! Stop! STOP IT!..."

Her strident demands are growing more pained as the thrashing continues. You can hear her starting to cry.

"STOP!... Stop...! Ow...! Ssss...! Stop, please... Please!"

You feel your rising cock pushing against her belly. And lay on harder, heat rising against your hand as you slam down on her trembling flanks.

"Ahhhh...! Ahh....! Devil...! Monster...! Stop, it hurts...! It hurts...!"

Her ass is marvelously flushed, a red brighter than her hair, and her pelvis involuntarily presses against you with every blow. You will need some relief soon. But you cannot help but contemplate the soft swell of her chest, pressed against your leg, and contemplate that, with her at your mercy, you could very similarly punish her sensitive bosom.

The redhead falls to the floor as you rise to your feet, gasping as she lands on her swollen hindquarters. Without hesitation, you seize her under the shoulders and lift her, throwing her down upon your bed.

Your intentions are clear on your face as you descend on her, and her eyes widen. She tries to push herself away from you, but you easily seize her, one hand at her shoulder, another around her slender throat.

"No!" She whimpers. "No, please! This is a profanity...! An abomination!"

The hand at her shoulder reaches down to wrench open her jerkin, baring her magnificent breasts, her pink nipples hard and swollen.

"No, pretty thing," You whisper. "This is naught but your place at the hands of a strong man. To be taken, and used for my pleasure."

She struggles uselessly as you force her legs apart, and brace them there with your hips, pulling open your trousers.

"No! Do not defile me so! You cannot! You must not! Help me! Someone, please, help...!"

Your hand squeezes her breast tightly, and she gasps.

"What? Help you? Aren't you commander of the Sapphire Eagles? Beloved of Queen Lianee? A warrior-woman, born and raised? What do you need of help?..."

Tears stream down her cheeks as she shakes her head in denial.

"Do not... Do not do this thing...!"

You press your cock against the petals of her femininity, your other hand now also settling on her chest, holding her down as you prepare to penetrate her.

"No... Please, please... NO...!"

You drive your hips forward as she screams.

For a moment there is resistance, and then you feel something tear as her scream rises in pitch. A cruel laugh rumbles in your chest.

"A virgin, no less! Well, take heart, pretty thing- few maids do as well as a nobleman for their first."

Hard and deep, you push inside the beauty beneath you. Her body bucks helplessly as you press her down into the bed, savoring the cries of pain and debasement that come with every thrust. Her breasts pitch and bounce beneath you as you pump inside her body, and your hands play upon her luscious flesh, sinking into the gentle swells, pulling and twisting at her nipples until she gasps.

At first, her wet, green eyes look up at you, pleading, hoping to find some spark of mercy on your fury- and lust-hardened countenance. As you continue to ravish her, ever trying to raise louder, sweeter exclamations of pain and defeat from your conquest, her head turns to the side. Her gaze goes distant even as she continues to moan and grunt beneath you, perhaps trying to distance herself from the plundering of her body's treasures.

You will not have it! Reaching under her thighs, you pull her legs up, the better to pound directly against her cervix, the entrance to her womb. At this new shock, her moans grow louder, trailing into loud, grunting gasps as your thrusts send cramps pulsing through her torso. You have regained her focus; between every thrust she looks up at you, eyes wide, head shaking. And then you slam into her again, feeling her body tighten around you, and her eyes shut tightly as she cries out, only to open and plead once more.

As you look down at her miserable, pain-wracked face, you recognize that you will soon reach your climax. But it is not yet too late to hold it off.

With a wolfish grin, you seize the redhead's hips and lift her from the mattress. Her eyes go wide with fear as for a moment only your grip and your manhood deep in her sex support her; spinning her around, you drop back onto the mattress, still embedded in her feminine sheath, her magnificent body now posed above you.

"Now, Amazon Captain," You growl, your lip twisting, "You will fuck."

Your hands bite against her hips as you lift her pelvis. Her shoulders shift back and forth, arms pulling at her bonds, her full breasts swaying; the cords rise in her neck as she shakes her head, biting her lower lip.

You pull her down hard, filling her, slamming her body down against yours. She gasps, back arching, a whimper bursting forth from her rosy lips. Her bust bounces magnificently with the impact, and you allow your gaze to take in the spectacle of her luxuriant flesh as you raise her weight again.

A second time you jerk her body down, forcing her recess to accept you, the soft, yielding flesh of her pussy squeezing tight against your cock as she bites back a cry. Your hands rise from her hips and cradle her shaking bosom, thumbs brushing over the nubs of her nipples, feeling them tighten, feeling her aureolae wrinkle as the involuntary rush of blood charges the sensitive juts.

"Fuck, woman." You demand. "Rise and fall atop me... Let me feel you service your conqueror."

The redhead swallows hard; her body trembles atop yours as she struggles with whether to obey your command. At last, possibly recognizing the helplessness of her situation, she slowly rises on her knees; with equal, tentative slowness, she slides down your shaft. She makes it barely halfway down your length before she halts and starts to pull upward again.

You flick her nipples with your thumbnails, raising a startled cry from the woman. Your lips part from clenched teeth as your hands move around to clasp her buttocks.

"Did I say 'make love', vixen? Your master commands you to 'fuck', you stupid wench, and that means I will feel your body succumb under force!"

You punctuate the command with a two-handed slap against her already flushed backside. She yelps in pain, her shoulders lifting as she startles upward; for a moment she hangs there, then, wincing, begins to lower her body back onto yours.

Better, this time, but still slow, weak, and too shallow. You spank her again.

"Push me into the limits of your cunt, bitch. I want to feel your tightness stretch. Demonstrate what you will endure to serve me!"

For long minutes, your impatience grows as she struggles to obey, earning harder and harder smacks to her flushed backside as she strains to fill herself with your rigid manhood.

"RIDE me, you whinging twat." SMACK! "Let me feel my shaft pound against the entrance to your womb!" SMACK! "Pound your pussy with it! Serve the cock that pushes inside of you!" SMACK!

Tears begin to slide down her face, and still she cannot make herself fully obey. You lift your grip from her hot, swollen buttocks and resettle your hands on her breast, one hand cupping, clutching the soft swell, fingers digging deep into the tender flesh.

"Come down on me with your weight, you sullen strumpet," You hiss. "I am at the end of waiting for your obedience."

She pauses at the highest point of her rise as your fingers mash her breast; without warning, you slap the suspended orb with your other hand.

"AHHH!"

Perhaps in surprise, she drops her weight as commanded, shoving your cock inside of her gripping pussy deep and hard.

"Yes. Yes!"

She rises quickly from her sudden descent; you slam your palm down on the softness of her breast again, and she cries out again as she falls atop you.

Her cries go louder as you continue to punish her breast, but her movements grow more intense. Perhaps she recognizes that only satisfying you will end the punishment.

Or perhaps, it is something more?

You twist the swollen orb in your grip, your swatting now coming down directly on her engorged nipple as she shrieks.

"Plunge it into your twat, creature...! Yes! Ride it! Ride it hard! Ride it to your limit!"

As your climax becomes unstoppable, you again grip her hips, thrusting your hips up as you pull her down, as she pushes down, pressing deep into her. Your manhood bucks within her heat, filling her passage with your semen; you feel her hips quiver as she gasps, her mouth hanging open, every muscle in that beautiful torso tight as she rocks atop you.

Your strength masters her; you can move her body as you choose, and her will crumbles before you. She trembles as her hips shift back and forth in your grip, milking every last spurt of semen from your loins, exhausted, spent.

It takes time. Time for her to understand that she must open for you when you make your demand, to recognize that you will use her when you will. But gradually, she begins to see that your visits do not have to hurt her.

You feed her by hand for the first few days, take her out when she needs to urinate or defecate, wash her body yourself. She learns that she can earn the privilege of doing these things herself, although you keep her under guard when she does so- you are no fool.

Ever so slowly, she begins to take pleasure in your visits, and you to take the time to ensure that she does indeed feel pleasure when you take her to bed.

The first time she climaxes, she weeps bitterly. You cradle her in your arms as it pours out of her; she feels she has betrayed her people, that she has allowed you to see her in a state of weakness like never before.

You could easily destroy her, then: chastise her, tell her that she is indeed weak and foolish and always has been. Instead, you remain silent and hold her until the sobbing stops.

And by being gentle, you break her, once and for all.

She comes to accept that she is your slave. When you bring the collar, she dons it willingly.

Yes, you tell visiting dignitaries, the woman whose chain you hold in your hand was once one of Queen Lianee's elite commanders. Now she is my bed-slave. Would you see her dance?

And the woman, who was once called Selia, does. Strips off her clothing, if you command it, and writhes for nobles and officers, scholars and artists, shaking her buxom body, displaying her beauty without shame.

Some paw at her breasts, or slap her ass as she does; she endures it. She knows that you will not allow them to take all liberties; that she will return to your bedchamber, and only yours. In submission, she has learned to trust you.

One day, not too long in the future, she will bear a son to that famous commander, the man who broke the leader of the Sapphire Eagles. And historians will remember that quiet breaking as the turning point of the war.<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>You do not permit her to sleep. When you return, you cuff her across the face.

"Whore, you are to always be ready to accept my cock! If for one moment you are not so prepared, your forfeit flesh shall suffer!"

You pull the riding crop from your belt as you part her thighs and penetrate her hard, still bound to the bed. With the rigid leather, you attack her breasts as you rape her, beating the sensitive flesh until she screams with every touch.

And she screams louder still when you empty your balls once again into her pussy.

You sleep in guest quarters- you are an important man, after all, and need your rest- but instruct a rotation of men to wake her every half hour. You instruct that no man is to rape her but you, but are otherwise intentionally vague as to how they might make certain she is awake.

When you return to her in the morning, she has many new bruises, and a haunted look on her face.

Turning her over, then, you force her to accept you in her ass, giving her another brutal spanking as you do so. Her whimpers into the mattress are sweet as you plunder her back way, each blow of your hands to her quivering backside rewarded with a surge of tightness against your throbbing cock. She sobs when you start to pump your jizzum into her bowels, and you show your respect for her suffering by slamming harder into her aching bottom, prolonging her debasement for as long as you can.

Her pussy, her ass, and in time, her mouth- only when you are sated, however you choose, will she be allowed to rest, or to eat. If it pleases you to whip her, slap her, choke her- these spices to magnify your pleasure, too, she will endure. This is her lot.

You have her nipples pierced with bright brass rings, then her clitoris, her labia. She is your decoration, your plaything, your slave. In time, when you grow less enamored of the pleasures of her flesh, you allow those you favor to use her as well.

As a visiting commander pulls her back by the hair, thrusting into her from behind, you see her tear-filled green eyes look to you, silently. Her hand stretches out to you, pleading, as she gasps.

"Thrust harder, man. Hurt her!" You enjoin. "Have you no respect? After all, this was the commander of the Sapphire Eagles."<|endoftext|>
<|startoftext|>She vexes you.

Weeks after her conquering, the redhead does not try to escape.

But she vexes you. Like an insolent child.

How many times have you grabbed her today, struck her across the backside, and told her to better her behavior?

First there was the dallying over breakfast, not even taking a bite until you were almost finished. The bedclothes that were never delivered to the washerwomen. Having one of your lieutenants bring you back from equipment inspection for an "emergency" that turned out to be a lack of needle and thread to sew a rent in one of her garments (and why this could not have been brought to the lieutenant, or a bearer, or... anyone else?)

She needs company to talk to. No, not Yesmine, she is feeble-minded and only talks about how much better the food was back home. Why is there so little reading material in a military encampment?

The guards outside your tent won't sing to her. One of the officers addressed them but didn't come within to exchange greetings. She wants to observe the men drill- she could probably teach them a thing or two. She wants to go riding.

Every time you see her, she brings a new complaint; every time you spend more then twenty minutes in her company, she somehow manages to make herself a nuisance.

At dinner, she stands up from the meal and wanders around your tent, babbling, gesturing emphatically with her cup of wine- and manages to spill it over a formal dress sash.

Her eyes flicker as you stand at this latest folly, a growl low in your chest. She lowers the cup, sheepishly; it dangles from her hand next to her thigh, resting against the flesh bared by the short robe she wears.

The cup tumbles from her hand as you spin her around and slam your hand against her ass.

"You insolent, thoughtless, mouthy little chit! Why do you try my patience?!"

The garment rides up as you smack her buttocks again and again; the rippling flesh is a rosy color- in fact, so persistent have your punishments been throughout the day, you do not know if it has ever faded from the flushed hue.

She yelps with every slap to her flanks... And yet somehow, you find her protestations insincere. Pinning her arm behind her back, you bundle her forward, slamming her hips against the table where your dinner sits growing cold.

"...Ah!"

She's breathing hard as you press against her. Reaching forward, you jerk open the front of her robe, baring the full round swells of her breasts. Your hands grasp one of the soft orbs forcefully, fingers sinking into her flesh as you feel her nipple rise taut beneath your palm.

Your own breathing growing hoarse, you pull the robe down from her shoulders, bundling the fabric into a crude knot that keeps her arms behind her back. Your strong arms reach around her and you fill both hands with the delicate weight of her breasts, pressing the vulnerable, yielding mounds back against her chest.

You drop your arms forward, and bring them back, slapping both breasts with a loud, open-handed THWACK.

"Hhhh- Owww...!" She gasps.

Measuring out the moments, you drop your hands, pause, and strike her bosom again.

"OH- OUCH...!"

Your cock grows hard within your trousers, pressed against her backside, as you firmly, deliberately beat her bust, feeling the rounded swells grow warm and aching as your hands pause on their softness.

"OWWWHHH--! HHH- OWW! OWW-HUH-HHHHHHhh---!"

Tears stream down her face, dampening your hands as they press the swollen mounds. But she does not protest, does not ask you to stop, does not cry for mercy or pardon. Your hands clap down on her breasts with increasing noise and force.

"OWWWW!- ooooo...! OWWUH! OW! OWW! AAHHHHHH!"

Her breasts are red, hot and aching in your grip; your knuckles crush her nipples, and she lets out a keening whimper.

Abruptly, you pull your hands away; one hand settles on the back of her neck, the other on her hip.

"Bend over," You snarl, "And press your sore breasts down against the table."

She sounds a bleating, wordless submission, and folds over the table as you wrench open the front of your trousers and plant your stiff cock against the entrance of her sex.

"Keep them tight against the wood," You command. "I want them to be rubbed raw while you're fucked."

You give no further instruction as you rear back and slam your hips against her flushed ass, hammering her against the table, pounding your manhood deep into her moist pussy.

"GGGAAWWWWH! AWWWH! AAAAHHHH! OHHH! OHH!"

The hand against her neck isn't necessary, you discover; she keeps her swollen chest against the table without duress as your vigorous thrusts mash her tits against the rough wood, battered screams of agony and pleasure buzzing through her body as you take her.

You continue to ravish her for some time, drawing out the punishment, relishing the feelings of vindication, fulfillment, and well-earned submission to your will. When you finally spend yourself within her, leaning into your last thrusts, pushing her into the table, she is hoarse from her screaming, gasping with exhaustion.

You bend over her, sweeping perspiration-dampened hair away from her ear as you whisper:

"If this is your desire, you may ask it of me. Do not needle my temper again. It would not go well for you."

She swallows hard, nodding as you lift your body from hers, grinding your hips against her ass one final time before pulling out of her tight, wet chamber.

"Tomorrow, you will go topless... Allow everyone to see the punishment your lush charms have endured, that they may know you paid the price for angering me."

She nods again, letting out a raw gasp as she lifts her torso from the table. Breath hisses from her teeth as she pulls an arm free from her tangled robe and lifts one of her breasts, inspecting the rude marks upon her punished bosom.

"And tomorrow night... You shall display them to me."

She turns to meet your gaze. Her face is blank, the wash of tears still shining on her cheeks.

Sinking to her knees, she grasps one of her swollen nipples between thumb and forefinger, and pinches it until her fingers quiver, letting out an agonized gasp.

Reaching down, you slide your hand across her brow, feeling a peculiar swell of affection rise in your chest.