The alarm clock rang at 5 am. Time to get up and get ready for sightseeing in Tokyo, Japan. You were finally able to save money to make this long-awaited trip and nothing can spoil the experience.

You get out of bed happily, humming a song as you head to the bathroom to shower, brush your teeth, and dress casually for your day of sightseeing.

Pick up your backpack, your camera hangs around your neck, and you open the door of your rental apartment.

The sun is shining, the neighbors look at you curiously, looking away or waving slightly. You copy them and continue your way to the nearest cafe. You enter observing that there are few customers, you sit at the bar and order some dorayakis, a smoothie, and some sweets whose name you don't remember.

You pay the clerk when the food is brought to you and you start eating laughingly. Until the door of the cafe opens and you see the concern on the faces of those present.

You look curiously to see a tall man in a black suit and sunglasses that he puts on his shirt. His eyes are deeply dark, his features make you believe that he may be 30 or 40 years old. His short hair is tied back in a small ponytail, and you can see some gray in his dark hair.

He sits next to you, as if nothing is with him. Blood gushes from his cheek, he appears to have a deep wound, perhaps from a knife. Nobody seems to want to do anything, they are afraid.

He picks up napkins and puts them on his wound, it doesn't seem to work. Worried, you decide to help the man ...

You have seen too many movies, this is nothing, you don't start running until he grabs your wrist and his eyes meet, filled with terrifying hatred.

You say "Ahm ... Good morning? ... Are you okay?"

You look at the man. The blood in his face makes him look like he is angry, but he doesn't seem to say anything. Maybe you have already offended him. On the other hand, perhaps you have not.

I took him by the hand and led him to the toilets, to clean his wound with water and remove the blood that had stuck to his face without saying a word. The man didn't speak, and I thought he was mute, or perhaps it was his way of not interacting with people.

You say "The wound seems deep, I don't think it will stop bleeding with just water and paper ..."

I handed him my handkerchief, he looked at me and I swear his eyes were filled with murder. I had never seen something like that before, so horrible and intense.

I take a breath and continue to heal the wound as best I can with my handkerchief. He just sat and watched me as if I were a trance, until I was done.

He looks at me again and thanks me with a nod. He then continues eating his food as if the incident never happened.

I sit with him and continue eating, unable to avoid seeing how all his clothes are full of blood, of which there is no shortage. At some point I realized that it hasn't stopped bleeding since the start.

You say "Excuse me sir but it's still bleeding, You should go see a doctor"

He looks at me with cold eyes. He speaks with an accent I can't place.

"You think I'm a coward?". He says in a low voice, with a slight slurr.

You say "Not at all ... But if you keep bleeding like this you might pass out or worse ..."

"Or worse? Tell me, what could be worse than dying?". He says calmly.

You say "Dying slowly and suffering ... Please let me accompany you to the hospital"

He looks at me, he seems to be considering it. His clothes are still splattered with blood.

I stand up and wait for your answer.

He gives me a look of contempt, which surprises me greatly.

"You want to watch me die?". He asks in a rather hostile tone.

It seems that he does not intend to accept my offer.

You say "What? No !!! I want to help you sir ... I don't know why others ignore you but I'm not going to sit idly by looking at someone injured"

He gives me a look of bewilderment, in which I have the impression that he is trying to recognize me.

"You're not the guy who gave me the bad review on yelp?"

You say "I don't know what you're talking about, I'm just a tourist, from Spain ..."

"Hmmph, tourists don't go to this part of town, besides I don't think that you look like the kind of tourist who visits Hiroshima."

He finishes his drink and pays the bill.

You say "Well, I want you to know that I intend to visit all of Japan, I have three months to do so ..."

"Alright then, if you really are a tourist, we won't have any problems."

We start walking to his place.

"So, what part of Spain are you from?". He asks.

You say "From the south ... But that doesn't matter now, we have to go to the doctor sir"

He laughs in response and continues to speak.

"So, I see that you are a Spaniard, is it your first time in Japan?".

"Yes, it is.

I take out my mobile to find the closest hospital with the gps. The closest one is about 15 min. walking away. We can make it but he will have to walk slowly.

You say "There is a hospital near here ... Join me, that wound is still bleeding"

He seems a bit surprised with my concern for his well being.

"Hey, I'm fine, I can make it on my own". He says indignantly.

You say "Look ... I know how you are Japanese but you don't know how the Spanish are ... And I'm not going to stay calm if you don't heal that wound now ... I have to ask for it on my knees ???"

"Ha ha ha! Alright, alright ... But I want something in return".

He takes out his wallet and gives you a card.

You look at the card curiously.

There is a small lettering on the front stating the name, social security number, birthday, address and phone number of the owner of this card.

You say "What do you want me to do with this?"

He is looking at you suspiciously.

It seems that he thinks you have some sort of weird plan.

"Just put it in your phone or something, if anyone asks you will say you found it somewhere".

You say "As you want but let's go to the hospital NOW"

"Alright alright".

We get to the hospital, find out that the doctor is not available. So you have to wait for a bit. He asks you some questions about yourself.

He seems pretty interested in you.

You say "You keep asking me questions and I don't even know your name ... What's your name?"

He stops for a moment and tries to remember the answer to this question.

"My name is Daisuke" He finally says.

"Nice to meet you Daisuke, I'm Rose"

You say "Ah ... But is it okay for me to call you by your name? I thought that in Japan they preferred the surname ..."

"Yes, sure. It is okay. If you really want to call me Daisuke, then I won't mind"

"What about Mr. Daisuke?".

I take out more tissues to put on his wound. With his face so close I can feel the marks of suffering.

He seems to have the bearing of a suffering person.

You say "How do you feel? Do you have dizziness?"

"No, I don't have dizziness. I'm able to think clearly. It's just that I'll feel a little light-headed for a bit after this".

"Ohhh...."

You say "The doctor is taking a long time. I hope you don't get infected."

"Why are you so worried about me?"



You say "Why shouldn't it be? If I see an injured person I help him, I am like this ... How rare is that in Japan?"

"It's not that. I'm not used to people being so kind as you are. It's just, well I know a lot about the yakuza and they don't tend to go around helping strangers".

You say "Yakuza? Wait ... Are you a Yakuza?"

"Ah....".

The man sighs and backs away from you a bit.

"Okay. My secret is out".

"Y-You are a member of the Yakuza?

You say "That's why everyone ignored you and looked fearfully ..."

"Heard of us huh?. Yeah, it's not good news. I'm in charge of the Sumiyoshi-Kai Family, you could say. The bad news is, I know who you are".

You say "How do you know who I am? If I arrived in Japan two days ago !!!"

"We know you ... and your family".

"You do not joke".

"No, we're very serious. You don't know it yet but your father is part of the organization".

You say "My father? What kind of bad joke is this? He died years ago from cancer !!!"

"I'm sorry to tell you that, he isn't dead. He just got caught and arrested by the law".

The man in the black suit gives you a bit of a surprised look.

You say "But my father is Spanish, it doesn't make sense that he's a Yakuza ..."

"Maybe he changed his identity, but when a man takes the bribe money from a cop, it's hard to get it back".

You say "So I have to believe that my father did not die, that he is in prison and is a Yakuza ... And you are a member of the Yakuza too ... And I believe it ..."

He nods and looks at you.

I sigh deeply and put my hand on his forehead hoping he has a fever.

"You must have a high temperature. Please, go see the doctor".

He doesn't move so I take his arm and lift him up. He is very weak and has trouble standing.

You take him to reception and demand that he see a doctor NOW.

I hold him under the arm and walk slowly with him to the front desk, he looks as if he is going to fall down again, he is still very weak.

The man behind the desk stares at us.

You say "You are the receptionist, right? Tell the doctor to come over now !!! He is losing a lot of blood !!!"

She seems to be thinking about it.

You say "But what are you doing!!??? That you look for the doctor FUCK !!!"

She jumps a bit and looks at you, then runs into the back.

The man seems annoyed, he gets up slowly.

I sit the man down in a chair, he leans his head against the back.

You say "I really love Japan but you make me very nervous ... I hope the doctor will come ..."

I look around and see a vending machine, I quickly buy a can of soda and open it.

The man finally shows some pity and goes to the poor guy who looks like he doesn't have a chance.

You say "Doctor? Are you the doctor?"

He nods and looks at me.

You say "Thank goodness ... My friend had an accident at home, cut his face with a glass and needs help. It won't stop bleeding ..."

He nods and watches me.

"I'm glad you decided to go to the hospital."

He finally decides to help my friend.

I feel a little bad and buy two more cans of soda.

You say "Please heal him. I pay what it takes."

He looks at me and smiles.

"Of course."

He goes to treat my friend, I feel a little guilty for lying but I think it's necessary.

I watch as the doctor takes the man to his office. I sit in one of the chairs ready to drink all the soda cans because of my nerves.

After a few minutes the doctor comes back with a small box under his arm.

"Thank you for your cooperation."

He smiles and heads out the door.

You say "Doctor? How is my friend?"

He nods and smiles.

"I think your friend will be fine, he will have a few scars but he will see quite well. I think he just needs to rest for a few days.

You say "Luckily ... how much do I have to pay you?"

He looks at me puzzled.

"You don't have to pay anything".

I try to think of some words to express my gratitude, finally I raise my hands.

You say "Can I come in to see him?"

He looks at me surprised.

"Do you want to come in? I mean he is sleeping right now, but that doesn't matter..."

You nod and walk into the office, closing the door carefully.

He leads me to a room on the other side of the hallway. He opens the door and I see my friend lying in the bed, he is sleeping.

I sigh deeply, I sit close to him and watch the bandages on his face that almost occupy half his face. He is so pale that he looks like a corpse.

"Is he going to be fine?"

The doctor nods.

"Yes, he will see quite well, he just needs to rest for a few days."

You say "Can I stay here until he wake up?"

He nods and walks out the room closing the door behind him.

I sit watching my friend, he looks so weak, so tired, but I know that once he wakes up he will be himself again.

You stayed playing games with your cell phone while you waited for the man to wake up.

After about an hour, he opened his eyes and looked around.

"What the fuck happened?"

I laughed and told him what had happened.

You say "It seems that you are better now Mr. Daisuke. Remember me?"

He nods and tries to sit up in the bed. He winces a bit, but manages to do it.

"Yeah, you look pretty familiar, what's your name?"

You say "I'm Rose, the tourist who brought you to the hospital."

"Nice to meet you Rose, ah shit my head really hurts, what time is it?"

I look at my cell phone, it's nearly seven at day.

You say "Around seven in the morning ... You've been sleeping for an hour."

He laughs and stands up.

"Well, I guess I better get going then, I have to go meet my yakuza buddies."

"Your what?"

You say "Were you serious about being a yakuza?"

He looks at you seriously and answers.

"Yes, I'm a yakuza, but if you really don't want to help me go somewhere else."

You say "I have helped you all this time, no matter who you are, if you need anything else tell me."

He smiles and nods.

"Truly? Well thanks, you're being really friendly today, I guess I'm in the clear"

He gets up and walks to the door.

You say "Wait, the doctor said you had to rest ..."

He looks at you and sighs.

"Don't worry about it, I'm not really a patient guy, but since you're being so nice I guess I will rest for a hour or two."

He goes out the door and you sigh too.

You for some unknown reason you follow Daisuke in silence.

You follow him out of the hospital and sit in the car beside, you don't say anything.

He drives and you enter a tunnel, you never saw something so dark and scary.

You say "Would you take me to Shinjuku? It should have arrived a long time ago, my friends will be worried ..."

He nods and drives out of the tunnel into the sunlight.

"It's a nice day today, it seems like you are pretty tired though ?"

He looks at you and answers.

You say "It was a strange morning. I was going to go sightseeing and ended up helping a yakuza ..."

He laughs a bit and answers.

"Well, at least you met me, because there are so many nice spots in Tokyo, you should definitely come and visit me again if you have the chance."

You say "Okay. After saving your life I hope you will teach me Japan a bit as a reward ..."

He looks at you and then nods.

"Sure thing, let's go."

You say "Wait ... let's do it now?"

He nods and turns the music up.

"Yes, now!"

You say "But what about my friends? I'm going to let they know that a crazy yakuza wants to take me to see Japan in his car ..."

Daisuke gets a weird look on his face and answers.

"It's okay, i will explain it to them. I will drop you at your hotel and then we can go together."

You say "Mr. Daisuke ... I'm not in a hotel, I live in the apartments near the cafe where we met ..."

He gets a very surprised look on his face and answers.

"Really? I would have taken you to the cafe if I had known that, we can go there then!"

You nod and suddenly yawning.

You say "Thanks for taking me back home."

"Thanks for saving my life, and thanks for being so cool about this, I really appreciate it!"

He smiles and drives you to your apartment. On the way he explains a bit about the Japanese history.

When we get to my apartment I get out of the car smiling at him. He smiles back and waves.

I open the car door and as I get out I have another thought.

I look at him, and my hand touches his shoulder for a split second.

You say "I'm just going to change my clothes, it got bloody after all. You should do the same, I'll meet you at home in an hour ... Is that okay?"

He nods and gets out of the car. After about 5 minutes he is gone, leaving the car running in the parking lot.

You change into some comfortable clothes and then you look out of the window.

You pick up your cell phone and tell your friends not to wait for you, that you had an unforeseen event, but that tomorrow we'll see each other for sure.

When you tell them this, they are a bit disappointed, but still happy to hear that you'll meet them the next day.

You end the call and get back to observing the parking lot.

You say "I must be crazy, I just met that man and he is a yakuza..."

You shake your head and get out of the apartment. 

I wait for Daisuke, I come out of the house, sitting on a bench, taking pictures of people passing by.

Then I see a car stopping in front of the apartment buildings. I get up and go to him.

He gets out of the car dressed in a smart black shirt and a pair of smart black pants.

You say "I thought you would not come now ... Thank you for offering to teach me Japan"

He smiles and nods his head.

"Ya, I always wanted to travel, I will teach you all that you want to know about cool Japan. You will love it there.

You grinned widely and got into the car happily.

Daisuke smiles at you and then you both get into the car.

You drive for half an hour before you arrive at a small complex and a restaurant.

You say "Are we going to have lunch here Mr. Daisuke?"

He nods his head, the waiter comes to you and asks what would you like to eat while you looking at the menu.

You choose an item from the lunch menu named "Tekka Don" which is described as "Beef strips in a sweet and spicy sauce."

Daisuke orders the same and after a few minutes the waiter brings the food.

You look at the bowl in front of you and you are surprised to see chunks of raw onion in the sauce.

You say "Itadakimasu !!!"

You both eat the delicious meal happily.

At the end of the meal, the waiter comes with the check and asks for the bill.

Daisuke looks at it and frowns.

You take out the money and pay your share.

He looks at you and frowns.

"No, it's on me today...really..."

You look at him and say "Truly, I insist".

He shakes his head.

You sigh and let him pay for the food.

He shrugs his shoulders and hands the waiter the bill.

The waiter takes the bill and then he turns to you.

"Excuse me, but is this man really a member of the Yakuza?"

You say "What? What if he is?"

"Well, there is a law against the members of the Yakuza coming to eat in this place."

You shake your head. "C'mon man, you're just scared."

I stand up and lead Daisuke out of there holding his hand, straight to our car.

We sit in the car and he looks at you. "The waiter was just being a dumb ass, don't worry about it."

You hold your hands up.

You say "I know you do not have a good reputation but it is not fair that they treat you like that without knowing you ... Although it is not that I know you either ..."

Daisuke puts his head in his hands.

You say "Mr. Daisuke? You're good?"

He looks up at you. "I know, I just eat a lot of onions."

You smirk.

Daisuke laughs.

You say "Come on, it's still early, how about you show me a Japanese temple? It must be beautiful !!!"

He looks at you and laughs again. "Are you sure? I think you've seen enough temples during the tour of Hiroshima."

You nod your head. "Yes, I want to see more."

You say "Let me take more photos of the temples, they are of my favorite places in Japan. But if you know another better place, I'll go wherever you go."

He grins. "Good, I'm glad you're enthusiastic. Let's go then."

You get out of the car.

You say "Mr. Daisuke, won't your Yakuza friends be upset for spending all day guiding a tourist like me?"

He shrugs his shoulders. "Maybe they'll be upset, but it's my day off. I'm taking photos of a bunch of old temples with a gorgeous view."

You say "I see ... Thanks for spending your day off with me"

Daisuke looks at you. "Thank you for being interested in seeing more of our beautiful country, I had a blast today."

You nod your head. "I did as well, you're a good guide."

We both continue to visit temples, parks, shops and lots of interesting sites on foot and by car. After dinner, Daisuke drove me back to my apartment in his car.

As you enter your apartment's building, you think about how the day went. You're glad you decided to go with Daisuke, he's pretty cool.

You then you realize that you didn't ask for his phone number. you run out to look for him, hoping he hasn't left yet.

You look for Daisuke in the crowd. You spot his ponytail as he speaks to someone, waving at you and then heading your way. He sees you and smiles.

You say "Mr. Daisuke !!! Luckily you didn't go by car ... I forgot ... Ask for your phone number ... If you want ..."

Stuttering a bit, you give him the number of your phone.

He smiles and nods. "Thanks. You really are enthusiastic about our country aren't you."

"I do my best" you smile.

You say "Now I go back to my house ... Mr. Daisuke, thank you for everything, I hope you call me one day !!!"

He laughs. "You're welcome, I will sure if I remember my number isn't even." He gives you a card with his number on it.

"If you need anything please call me, ok ?"

You say "I will do it !!!"

He nods. "Great, see you later."

He waves and walks away. You make sure you memorize his number, you don't know how you'll remember it but you will !

I go back to my house, I throw myself on the bed and hug the pillow even without believing that I spend the day with a yakuza like nothing. I know that I would be so happy if it had been a normal day.

Tomorrow I will go to the supermarket and buy all the food that my mind loves most.

After showering and putting on my pajamas, I lie down in bed and make the shopping list with my mobile, then I tell my friends that today I met a very interesting boy. I end this story by promising that I'll tell them the next day all about it.

I take a deep breath and go to sleep. I don't even notice that I'm heading towards my future.

The next day I got up early at 5 am, I take a shower, grind my teeth, dress and pick up my camera, looking at the photos I take during these days, I realize that Daisuke appears in some. I make a shortlist and choose the best. Then I go to the supermarket.

I buy all that my eyes sees, without forgetting the space for other things.

When I finish shopping I go back to my apartment. I try to call my friends but without any luck, I leave several messages. At 7:30 am, I decide to go out for a walk, I need to get my mind off of things.

With my camera and GPS, I look for interesting areas to visit and photograph. Every now and then I check to see if my friends or Daisuke have written to me.

My walk takes me through the old city, I love the atmosphere of this place, which becomes very lively after 8 am.

Some houses seem to me typical of anime, or yakuza of video games. I can't help taking more photos. Some houses have a front door and then another one hidden behind a hanging scroll.

The streets are not only filled with people but also shops, most of them are old style Japanese housewares shops.

You visit store after store and buy beautiful and curious things that you find.

I spend the whole morning like this, losing myself in my finds and the beautiful stores I walk by.

You tired, you sit on a bench and write to your friends.

At noon my friends finally write back. We exchange messages for some time and I decide to meet them for dinner at a sushi bar not far from the station, we talk about our days until they arrive.

I still have the whole afternoon free. I see if Daisuke wrote me anything. Just as I thought, nothing. He is the head of an organized crime syndicate, it seems he didn't have time for a tourist... 

I sigh and try to remember the places Daisuke told me about to take pictures of them for the remainder of the afternoon before leaving with my friends.

Again, I get lost in the back alleys of the city. By nightfall I'm exhausted and decide to find a place to crash.

With the gps I get to the sushi bar where I meet my friends. We talk about the interesting places we saw during our walks and I realize that I really like this city.

You say "Do you remember that yesterday I couldn't go out with you? I had to help a man and I was in the hospital with him, and then he offered to show me some very interesting places in Japan. He was very kind."

For a moment your friends don't say anything, then they begin to laugh and say how nice it is that I was able to help you all the time, really I am such a nice guy.

You show them the photos you took, including those of Daisuke, with his distinctly Yakuza look.

You show them the pictures, they are very impressed with the quality of the pictures and say that you really have a talent for photography.

You sigh in relief because it seems like your friends don't care that he's a yakuza.

You tell them how surprised you were to see that he was a member of the criminal organization because he seemed so nice, but then they all agree that it makes perfect sense and they are all surprised that you didn't pick up immediately on it because you are such a nice guy. You debate with your friends about which pictures you like the most and try to decide which one you want to take to Europe with you.

We finished dinner and said goodbye to each other. I take the train back to my apartment, writing to my friends on my mobile. It is very late and I am alone on the train.

The city is very calm, a beautiful night. The city is so alive and I am so happy to live in this city.

Again I check if Daisuke wrote me anything. He didn't.

You say "I guess he already forgot about me ... what a shame"

I check the time and realize that it is already too late to send messages to my friends. The phone rings and I pick up, it's my friend Yumi, we talk for a little while and end the call.

Arriving at my stop I head to my apartment, passing in front of the cafe where I saw Daisuke for the first time. Now it is closed.

The apartment is dark and I head straight to the bed without taking off my clothes, I have an intense headache and want nothing more than to fall asleep.

The next day the first thing I do is see if I have messages on my mobile, but I only find one and I am surprised to see who sent it to me.

Please call me whenever you have a chance ok? I want to see you and talk to you.

I pick up my mobile and call him immediately, he answers on the third ring.

You say "Mr. Daisuke? Good morning, sorry for calling so early, I just saw the message. You're good?"

He laughs out loud.

"Good morning, it's good to hear your voice again. I'm glad you called. I have some time today and would like to meet you for coffee."

You say "Yes ... Ok ... Okay ... Is that okay at the cafe where we met in an hour?"

He smiles.

"Perfect, I'll be there."

I hang up and notice the time, I hurry and get ready before leaving for the cafe.

I take a shower, brush my teeth, dress a little more elegant than usual, take my camera and discover how nervous I am all of a sudden. It's weird, I tremble, my heart beats fast. Was it fear or ... I don't care, I run to the rendezvous.

The cafe is very small, like the rest of the cafe in this street. You can't talk without shouting and I have the feeling that everyone is staring at me.

I do not care. I sit in a corner and order a chocolate shake, while I wait for Daisuke very nervous.

Daisuke arrives, he looks beautiful as usual. He is wearing a white shirt and a dark blue jacket, his hair is combed back and he has that confident look in his eyes.

You wave to him so he knows where you are. you smiled widely.

He smiles and waves to me, you feel comfortable around him.

"I'm here." He says while coming to sit next to me.

You look at his face, he still has his bandage on, your hand goes to it, touching the bandage lightly.

Daisuke puts his hand over yours and looks at you.

"I know the feeling." He says with a smile.

You say "Ah ... Sorry !!! I shouldn't have touched ... How is your wound?"

"It's fine, you can't really tell that it's even there. No pain anymore either."

"Good..."

He looks at you for a while.

"You're very pretty." He says.

You blush extremely, it is not normal for a Japanese to say something like that and even less a yakuza. you nod and drink from your smoothie.

"Thank you." You manage to say.

"You're very welcome." He says and shows you his white, gorgeous teeth. "So, how's your day been, so far?

You say "Yesterday I was visiting the whole area and took many photos. Thanks to everything you taught me, I was able to find beautiful areas. And last night I was with my friends having dinner, I told them about you and it seems that they are not afraid of you or anything. Isn't it cool?"

Daisuke smiles. "Yeah, I'm glad. And you're right, it is cool."

You say "How about you? What have you been doing? Hope nothing illegal"

Daisuke laughs. "Of course not. What do you think I am, stupid? The head of the Yakuza."

He points to himself proudly.

You say "You are precisely that ... Fool"

Daisuke laughs again and says "Maybe"

"I have been hiring people, and that's about it. But it seems that the people with similar ideas have been doing the same." Daisuke explains.

You say "Even though you are who you are and you probably do horrible things ... It's hard to believe how nice you are to me ..."

Daisuke looks at you with surprise. "Wow, you're really something."

You say "Tell me the truth ... Deep down you are planning to earn my trust to kidnap and ask for a ransom ... Right?"

Daisuke laughs. "Kidnap you? Why would I do that when I can just hire someone who will?"

You say "So what are you planning to do with me? Or are you going to tell me that you want us to be friends and that's it ..."

Daisuke pauses and thinks for a while, then speaks.

"Well ... This might be a bit embarrassing for you, but I'm planning to ... Well, you know."

"Just say it." You say with a worried face.

"I want to fuck you."

You your eyes go wide, you blush extremely and don't know what to say or do.

Daisuke smirks.

"See? Told you I'm not that nice."

"No, no, wait!" You laugh and try to calm yourself down.

You say "I guess that's how you yakuza joke ... right?"

Daisuke nods.

"You mistake me for something I'm not, just because I'm nice to you. I'm dangerous."

"Ah, I see."

The man nods again.

You say "So you plan to rape me? ..."

Daisuke shakes his head. "I won't touch you. I'm not a rapist."

"But you just said that you wanted to fuck me. You are a rapist."

"I won't touch you, I said. I'm not a rapist."

"I'm confused now."

Daisuke leans back and exhales. "I'm not saying that I'm some sort of rescuer of damsels in distress, or a zealous DA officer out to stop criminals. I'm simply and individual who wants to have sex with you."

You gulp the shake in one gulp, almost suffocating. Then you look at his face and order another shake from the waiter.

"What if I say no?" you ask.

"You're saying no?" Daisuke asks back, surprised.

"Yes."

Daisuke stares at you for a while, thinking. Then he smirks. "Well then, I shall take my leave."

He puts some money on the table and gets up from his seat.

You say "Sr.Daisuke ... don't go"

Daisuke turns around.

You say "I've spent a whole day waiting for a message from you, and now that you're here I want to be with you ... Don't go yet ..."

Daisuke sits down again, sighing. "If this is what you want, then I shall stay."

You say "Thank you..."

Daisuke looks at you, raising an eyebrow.

"You're welcome..."

He grabs your hand and playfully bites it. You cringe in pain. He laughs and kisses you on the forehead.

You say "We are in a cafe, don't you mind that everyone is watching us?"

Daisuke looks around. "Eh, what?"

You try to pull your hand away, but he holds on to it.

"What do you want from me?" he asks, serious.

"I don't know."

The waiter brings my shake so I drink with my free hand.

"That's good, you're not sure what you want from me," Daisuke says, finishing his shake.

You say "It's not easy ... If you weren't the head of the yakuza it would be easier, but you are a criminal, you know?"

Daisuke chuckles. "I don't go around beating and even killing people just because they pissed me off. You're not really dealing with the real me, if you think that."

You look into his eyes for a few seconds before finishing your shake, putting the money on the table, and standing up.

"That's good to know," you answer and stand up.

Daisuke takes out his wallet and pays for the shake, then stands up.

"I should go," he says.

You leave the cafe with an awkward silence between you. At the door you look at him confused.

"I wanted to kiss you," Daisuke says.

"Oh..."

He stands close to you, his face so close that you can feel his warm breath on your lips.

You close your eyes. It's a kiss, nothing happens, right?

But you feel lips against yours. And then another. And then you feel both of them in your mouth. You try to get someone to stop, but no one seems to notice.

You with difficulty you push him away from you, watching with shame as the curious look at you badly.

You blush and walk outside, leaving Daisuke behind you.

You say "Follow me ..."

You don't wait for an answer and continue walking, leaving a confused Daisuke behind you.

At the end of the street, you slow down and wait until he catches up with you.

You say "This is where I live ... Do you want to come in?"

He nods and you open the door, letting him inside.

At your small apartment, you sit down on your couch while he looks around.

"Nice place," he says, "Is this your home too?"

You say "It is not my house, I rent it for three months, until I go to Spain again"

"Ah, I see," Daisuke says, "Well this is good, since I have to stay in town for a while, as you probably guessed."

You say "You see ... When I helped you the other day I did it because I wanted to help and now, don't think I did it because I wanted to fuck with you ..."

Daisuke laughs. "No, of course not," he says, sincerly.

You stand in front of him, looking into his eyes confused.

"So, you gonna kiss me now?" he asks, sincerly.

You say "I must have gone completely crazy ..."

He smiles a bit and nods, approaching you, until you feel his lips against yours.

A kiss, nothing else.

You say "Do not stop..."

He laughs and proceeds to put his arms around you, and the kiss deepens slowly. Then, his hands caress your body and you realize that this was a bad idea. Yet again.

It's a yakuza that I just met. I'm crazy. I am really crazy. But my hands caress him back and my lips desire his. I can not stop. Then his hands move on to my ass and he squeezes it hard, I know it can hurt but I do not care, I want him to keep touching me like this.

You say "Daisuke ... wait ... stop ..."

He laughs a bit and, still holding your ass in his hands, stops kissing you. "What's the matter, Rose?

You say "Do you have condoms?"

He raises an eyebrow, "I do?"

You nod nervously and he goes to a small bag on his person, pulling out a pack of three.

You say "That's fine ... But there is something you should know ..."

"What's that?" he asks, confused.

"I'm..."

But you stop yourself from saying more.

He notices this and puts a finger on your lips, looking into your eyes.

You wrap your arms and legs around him, putting fear and doubts aside.

"Shut up and just enjoy it," he whispers into your ear, before biting your earlobe.

You moan and close your eyes, and he eventually takes his hand away from your mouth.

"Good girl," he says, before grabbing your ass and lifting you up.

You wrap your legs around his waist and he holds you by the ass, walking towards your bed.

You wrap your arms and legs around him tightly, moving your hips slightly, rubbing your body with his, moaning between kisses.

He lays you down on the bed and you fall back, looking into his eyes. "So?" he asks, "Any last words?"

You shake your head and slowly lick your lips, wetting them.

You then you kiss him playing with his tongue.

He smiles and lowers himself on top of you.

You two make out for what seems to be a long time, until you feel the tip of his dick at your entrance.

You gasp and feel your body tremble. you are afraid, but you want to continue. Your eyes meet Daisuke's with tears leaking out.

"Just relax, I've got you," he whispers.

You nod slowly and he slowly enters you.

It hurts, really bad. You gasp and he holds you tight, moving slowly.

You notice as he enters and moves, something inside you breaks followed by intense pain and the bleeding typical of the first time. Your nails dig into his back.

"Daisuke! Daaai-!"

"I don't want to hurt you, Rose..." and he pauses for a moment. "Ah!"

You gasp and your hand travels over his body until it reaches his bandaged face, caressing him with a slight smile on your face. Your lips look for hims again, you try not to think about what hurts.

He doesn't reply, but instead, he seems to enjoy the kiss.

You say "Go on... Slowly..."

"Ah, shit," he groans as he starts to move slowly, in and out of you.

The pain dissapates and instead, excitement takes over.

You your body reacts by itself accompanied by each thrust he gives you, moaning faster and stronger as he accelerates his waddle. you kiss him neck until you make a hickey.

He grabs your ass, roughly holding on to it as he thrusts harder and faster.

"Ah... Shit! I'm gonna..." and with one more thrust, he finishes inside you, both of you crying out.

You hug him tightly as your body slowly relaxes. you try to catch your breath while still looking into his eyes, with lust and shame.

He hugs you back, his head on your chest as you slowly get your breath back. "I love you..." He whispers.

You kiss him deeply and hold on to him tightly, not wanting to let go.

You say "Don't say that ... We just met, you can't love me ..."

He looks at you, his face serious. "I know I love you, Rose."

The words hit you hard, and you look away. He continues. "I know this is hard for you, trust me, I'm not the most trustworthy person when it comes to love. But I know I love you, and I want you to be mine."

You say "Do you say that to all your lovers? You don't have to say nice things to me to fuck with me, Daisuke"

He smiles a bit, but it fades quickly.

You say "You're the head of the yakuza, right? You have a reputation for having countless lovers, for not knowing love and stuff ..."

"Well, I'm trying to change that image, kid. I'm trying to change it."

You say "And how are you going to change that?"

He smiles. "I'm going to get married." His tone suggests he doesn't care if you believe him or not.

You say "Oh ... in that case you should be with the bride, no with me..."

The smile returns. "Maybe you're right... Will you be my wife?"

"I don't know anything about organized crime..." You start to say, still a bit nervous from everything.

You say "And we met three days ago ... I'm a foreigner ... Why such a rush to get married?"

He looks at you with confusion and anger in his eyes. "Because I want to spend the rest of my life with you, that's why."



You say "You know what I think? That you want to get married because someone more powerful than you has ordered it, and if you don't, something very bad will happen. And you have seen me, a foreigner who helped you and you want to use me ..."

He gets closer to you, his voice dropping. "How do you know that?"

"Because that's the first thing people usually think when faced with this sort of situation." You shrug.

His expression becomes more serious, his eyes narrow.

You say "Nobody asks someone else to marry him for fucking once, we just met ..."

Now he gets closer to you, so much that you can feel his hot breath on your face. His eyes are still narrow and serious.

"I'm not going to let anyone else have you."

You push him away and sit on top of him, holding his hands, despite the pain you feel every time you move your legs.

You hold his hands down and look at him as you sit on his lap, straddling him. Right now you feel pain in your legs every time you move but you really don't care.

You say "I'm not marrying you, and I'm not yours or anyone's. I don't care if you're a yakuza, do you know?"

His eyebrows rise in surprise. "Hm, I like you."

"And I don't even know you." You continue as he lets go of his head.

You despite your words you get rid of your clothes and stand naked to him. you remove the used condom which you throw in the trash and take one of the condom envelopes to your mouth, while crawling towards it.

You stand naked as he stares at you in awe. He grabs a nearby pillow and puts it behind you, then slowly begins to crawl towards you.

"You are amazing." He says.

You smiled and tore the envelope taking out the condom that you put on him awkwardly.

He grabs it from your hand and puts it on himself. He turns you around so your back is against his chest and starts kissing you, hitting and pinching your sides in his large hands.

You say "Ahm ... take off the clothes too ..."

He laughs and chuckles as he unbuckles his pants while still holding you, pulling them down as you step out of them.

You turn around and help him remove his clothes completely. you want to see him naked, to know about his scars and tattoos. Know all its secrets.

You turn around as he finishes removing his clothes. Once again you are struck by his "god like" beauty. You can't even find any words...

You your fingers lightly touch his scars, looking curiously at his tattoos.

After you touch many of his scars, you stop and just look at them silently.

You say "You're definitely a yakuza ..."

He laughs and kisses you, jumping on top of you. He moves his hips slowly but firmly, entering you.

"I am." He says. He begins to kiss you hard again as he starts thrusting.

You caress and hug him, your arms do not stop touching every inch of his back, squeeze his buttocks, touch his pectorals ... Your breathing gains intensity again and your moans are drowned out by kisses. you roll over to get on top of him wiggling your hips, you can't stop despite your tears of pain.

"Yes! Yes!" He says.

He rolls over and you are now on top of him as he holds your body against his.

"Hmmm..." He says.

You can't believe how good this feels, the pain you felt before has just melted into sparks of pleasure.

"Do it again." He says.

You introduce his penis slowly sitting on it, bringing his hands to your breasts forcing him to caress them while your body moves in and out of it, curving with pleasure.

He holds you tightly, as you begin to ride him. He grunts and growls in ecstasy, and you can feel his manhood getting harder as you thrust.

"Ah! Aaaahh!" He says loudly. You start to feel close to release so he begins to rub on your sides and round your back, moving his hands around your body.

"Now! Now!" He shouts.

You feel a flood of pleasure as you reach release, and continue to grind into him tightly as he holds you tightly, moving his hips as his hands move up and down your body.

You catch your breath close to his ear, running over his face with light kisses until it reaches his neck which you lick.

Your heart begins beating hard. The man has a very nice smell, almost like a musky perfume, nice and warm.

You say "I would not mind doing this more times with you ... You attract me a lot, Daisuke"

His hand touches at your back, moving down to your butt, he squeezes it and moves his hands up to your shoulders, slightly pushing you away from him.

"Well, I don't mind it either."

You smiled widely as you sit next to him noticing how the blood gushes with a slight pain.

You turn your head to see him smile.

"You're welcome anytime." He replies.

Your heart beats hard as Daisuke turns away from you, chuckling.

You pick up some tissues to clean your blood.

You grab a few of the tissues from the box on the table and slowly wipe away the blood, you put the used tissues in the box and turn to Daisuke, who continues smiling.

You say "But let it be clear to you, we can play as adults that we are but I am not your fiancée, or anything like that."

His smile fades and he gives you a nod.

"Got it."

You suddenly feel nervous again, and you look down for a moment to gather your courage, then you look at him.

You say "If you want to marry me you will have to conquer me first. I'm not one of your lovers or whores ... You're not going to buy me with money, nor are you going to scare me for being a yakuza ... Okay?"

His face now shows a serious expression.

"That's not how it works. I'm not some damn pimp. But if you think that far ahead of time then I guess it doesn't matter if you're my girlfriend or not."

You look away nervously and look for your clothes which you put on the bed.

You can't even look at him as you pull your clothes on. You are feeling extremely nervous and afraid now.

You say "Won't you say anything else?"

He suddenly moves towards you and puts his hands on your shoulders, turning your body to face him.

"Look into my eyes."

You nod nervously as you look into his deep black eyes.

"I will not hurt you. You are my, my girlfriend now. You understand?"

You say "And if I do not want?"

He looks at you with interest.

"You don't want to fuck me?"

You feel nervous and confused as you try to figure out his intent.

You say "We can fuck without dating, you know?"

His eyes show disappointment, but he nods.

"Yes, that's right. However you are mine now, remember that."

You say "And what about you? Do you want me to be faithful? Well then you will have to do the same !!!"

He laughs hard.

"Of course I will too, otherwise there would be no point!"

You nod nervously.

"Got it."

You say "You are amazing. Forcing me to be your girlfriend when we don't know each other."

He laughs again.

"I don't remember saying I was forcing you to do anything."

You shake your head vigorously.

You say "So if you're not forcing me, I'm not your girlfriend, and I'm not yours. It's okay like that?"

He thinks for a second.

"I suppose you're right. If I want to fuck you whenever I want, then it's okay like that."

You nod eagerly.

You say "Great, then let's not dwell on the matter any more. We are friends with rights, if you want to sleep with another person you are free to do so, and Im too. Right?"

He nods.

"Right."

You nod eagerly, relieved that he agrees with you on this matter.

You more relaxed, you smiled and kissed him lightly on the lips before going to the bathroom, leaving the door open for him.

He smiles and gives you a quick peck on your cheek before looking at the door.

Sure enough, you hear the slow footsteps of the man behind the door.

The door opens slowly.

You say "Do you want to shower with me?"

He looks at you with a sly smile.

"I wouldn't deprive you of that."

He shrugs and walks in, closing the door behind him.

You turn on the hot tub faucet, then undress and put your dirty clothes in the laundry basket. Then you sit in the shower and wait for Daisuke.

You wash and wait. After a few minutes, you hear the faucet turn off. You turn around to see Daisuke standing in front of you, already naked.

He looks at you, and smiles.

You smiled and you start lathering your body and hair, using the shower to remove the lather. Taking advantage of his low guard you focused the hose on Daisuke's penis while laughing.

The man moans and falls, squealing with surprise. You continue to laugh as he tries to free himself from the hose, but it's no use. The hose is strong.

You stop wetting his penis to point at his head for a few seconds. you can not stop laughing.

Daisuke tries to push you away with one hand, while holding onto the hose with the other.

"What's so funny?" He says angrily, but he seems to be enjoying this.

You say "The force of the water in this hose is more powerful than a yakuza as strong as you"

He looks confused for a second.

"I don't under" he says, before laughing along with you.

After a minute or two, you both stop laughing and stop using the hose on him.

You say "Come on, take a shower, I'll wait for you in the bathtub. Do not delay."

He nods and runs over to the tub, quickly getting in. You wait for him patiently.

Daisuke takes his time getting clean. He seems to enjoy the bath more than he did showering.

You sit in front of him, using his chest for support. you can feel his warm body and his legs surround your body, causing his penis to collide with the lower part of your back. you flop down on him, relaxed.

After a few minutes, you hear him splashing water on the bathroom floor.

You say "Daisuke, have you ever been so relaxed with someone?"

He sighs, and looks at you.

"No."



You say "Would you tell me more about yourself? What kind of life is that of a yakuza really?"

He sighs, and begins to talk.

"Well, to put it simply, I'm a murderer."

"Murder?"

"Yeah."

"You are? I thought that...

You your hands play nervously with the bath water.

"You thought what?" He says, raising an eyebrow.

"I don't know...what people think yakuzas are...I thought they were just thugs."

He laughs again.

You say "So you kill people for money?"

"Sometimes."

"Wow. That's...uh, a lot of times. Not really surprising."

He shrugs, before continuing.

"Mostly people who stand in my way, but I understand that you are unaccustomed to our ways, so I'll try and explain."

"Okay...?"

"Life in the yakuza is simple: Protect your money, protect your territory, fuck everyone in a position to help you, and take their fucking money. Simple, right?"

You nod.

You say "So you live for and for money? And do you protect your territory as an animal would protect its own? And for that anything goes..."

He sighs, and looks at you seriously.

"Yes. I live for money and the opportunity to fuck you, and I'll do whatever it fucking takes."

A long silence follows.

You say "Sometimes you let your yakuza side out and you're scary ..."

He smiles, and looks at the floor.

You say "Should I worry about my life now?"

He looks up, and grins. He crawls towards you, until he is lying on his side, facing you.

"I'm sorry if I scared you."

You say "It's okay. You are a yakuza and that cannot be changed. But understand that this is new for me and a world very different from mine ... And yet I want to be with you, you attract me a lot ..."

He wraps his arms around you and kisses you.

"My life is yours, my body is yours, my soul is yours, my future is yours, my love is yours."

You say "Daisuke ... So little love have they given you that you settle for me?"

He laughs, and sits back.

"I'm not settling for you. I like you plenty, you know that."

You shrug.

You say "I like you ... So teach me more about your world, okay?"

He smiles, crawls over you and kisses you.

You your arm goes around his neck and your hand touches his hair from behind you. While your other hand brings his to your lips, kissing him.

You are both lying on your sides, facing each other. He slowly kisses down your neck, and you feel him touching your back.

You turn to face him more and his hands find their way to your breast.

You say "Hey ... won't you tell me you want to do it for the third time?"

He looks at you, a strange expression on his face, before kissing your lips.

"I want to do this for the third time, okay?"

You nod.

You turn away from him and sit on the tub, spreading your legs so he can see you, while your fingers play with your vagina, signaling him to come.

He runs his hands over your bare legs, kissing you as he goes. He kneels between your thighs and looks between your legs at the space he sees there.

You your fingers open your vagina for him.

He looks at you, and slowly pushes one of his fingers into your vagina.

"So wet," he says, as he kisses you. You push your tongue into his mouth and feel him touching you.

You push your hand against his crotch and can feel him already hard. As you touch him, he continues kissing down your body. He stops at your larger breast, taking the nipple in his mouth. He gently bites it and sends a tingling sensation through your breast. You push your other hand against his chest.

As he continues kissing down to your stomach, you feel your breathing getting heavier.

You say "Lick my vagina, Daisuke, I want to know what it feels like ..."

You are filled with embarrassment as he looks up at you.

"Is this okay?" he asks nervously.

You nod, and he smiles before slowly kissing his way down to your vagina.

He pushes his face into you, and you close your legs tight. But, as he pushes his face into you, his fingers find their way into your ass.

"Ah!" you cry out as you feel your anal barrier break.

You feel his hot breath and wet tongue on your vagina, which is something you never thought you'd ever feel.

You say "Daisuke ... It feels great ... Don't stop ..."

He continues kissing and licking you as his fingers enter you. As you push your groin against his face, he begins to finger you faster.

You start to feel dizzy and lightheaded as you come on his face.

You your hands hold his hair fiercely and before the orgasm you pull the topsail back while your body curves with light and pleasant spasms.

After you come to, Daisuke looks up at you.

"Hey, you're okay," he says nervously.

You answer him by throwing yourself on top of him with a passionate kiss that leaves you breathless.

You lie on top of him and feel his large body on top of yours. As you feel the weight of him on top of you, you suddenly realize what you have done.

You say "I'm sorry ... I got carried away ..."

He grabs your hand and puts it on his crotch.

"It's not that bad," he says nervously.

You sit up and smell the pungent odor of his body odor.

You say "Wait ... don't cum yet"

He looks at you, confused.

"Are you sure? I mean ... you wanted this..."

You stop his hand.

You stand facing the wall and motion for him to insert his penis into your anus, completely embarrassed.

You feel the head of his cock push at your tight sphincter. As he pushes into you slowly, you relax and let his large member enter your ass.

You say "Ay ... It hurts more than I thought ... Be careful ..."

He continues pushing as your eyes tear up.

"Is this your first time?" he asks, concerned.

You nod nervously.

You say "You are my first time ... In every way ..."

He grabs you and holds you against his body, kissing you deeply. While he holds you, he begins to penetrate you faster and harder. As you try to push him away, he holds your arms away from your body.

You it hurts, a lot, and your body wants to finish fast, but your mind wants to continue with it. you moan almost screaming, pleasure and pain mix. Your body moves at the same time as his thrusts, your tears fall.

He holds you tightly against his body and tears roll down your face. Moaning loudly, you quickly finish, and he continues to hold you in rhythm. As you feel the hot liquid fill your body, you collapse into a heap on the floor.

Afterwards, you both sit down on the floor, leaning against the wall as you try to catch your breath.

You say "Tomorrow ... I won't be able to walk ... Because of you"

He looks at you with a serious expression.

"You won't regret this, you know."

You shake your head as your finger touches his penis to collect some semen and taste it with a tired smile.

He swallows hard and looks down.

"You are so weird," he says.

You caress his cheek with a tired smile.

You say "So weird is that I want to be with you like this?"

He grabs your hand and kisses it.

"It's weird," he says, smiling. "But I'm happy to see that you want to."

You nod as he holds your hand.

You say "I want to give you all the love that nobody has given you ... And I'm not talking about fucking, but about something more real ..."

He looks at you seriously.

"If you can give me that, I will never let you go," he says, seriously.

You lean towards him and put your arms around him. He hugs you back tightly and kisses you.

You say "We'll see what happens, mister yakuza sexy"

He smiles as he brushes your hair away from your face.

"You don't know how lucky you are," he says, smiling.

You say "I hope so, because in the movies I would be the first to die in a very ugly way, for dating a yakuza"

He laughs as he kisses your forehead.

You having recovered, you stand up and start to clean yourself under the shower, noticing how the semen comes out of your anus thanks to gravity. Once you're clean you help Daisuke with his shower. Now more relaxed.

Suddenly you feel the lips on your shoulder and hear the voice behind you.

"I love you," he whispers in your ear.

You say "Daisuke ... I like you a lot too"

He chuckles as he kisses your hair.

"I know," he whispers, "but that's not really enough, is it?"

You don't answer, so he continues.

You say "Let's go to sleep, you can stay here in my apartment, I hope you stay ..."

He looks at you sadly, but nods.

He gets up and moves to the bed as you get under the blankets. He crawls over to spoon with you.

You say "Are you asleep yet? ..."

"No."

You smile as you look at his face. He smiles, and moves closer to kiss you good night.

"Good night, my love," he whispers.

You say "Good night my favorite yakuza ... I really like you ..."

He laughs as he drifts off to sleep.

You also close your eyes to get some much-needed sleep.

Waking up to an empty bed the next morning surprises you a little.

You stare at the ceiling sadly not seeing Daisuke in bed. Now you feel very stupid.

You shake your head as you get up and look out the window. It's snowing. Uh, oh.

You move to the sink and start to brush your teeth.

You when you finish you go to your bed sitting quietly, thoughtful.

You get up and head to your desk where you find a note.

Sorry, I had to leave early. Something came up with work.

You sigh deeply. you would have liked to say goodbye to him. you pick up your cell phone looking for messages from your friends or from Daisuke himself.

You find two new voicemail messages. One from your friend saying that she is sorry but she has to cancel your plans for this evening, and the other one is from a private number.

You press play and listen.

"Hey, leave a message. I'll be in touch."

Huh, that's all the message there is.

You ignore the unknown number and head to the kitchen to make a quick breakfast. After dressing, you eat and pick up your camera.

You decide to go to the park, hoping that you'll bump into some people.

You prepare your lens and wait. After 30 minutes, you've barely seen anybody.

You take photos of the cold and snowy day, the landscape and the few animals that dare to go out. Everything is precious.

Later, you go in and out of shops taking photos here and there. You snap many photos of the snow that has now fallen.

After finishing up your last roll, you get a call on your cell phone. You wonder who could be calling you.

8

"Hello?"

"Hey, it's me."

You recognize the voice. It's Daisuke.

"Hey,"

You say "You left without saying goodbye ... Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I was just in a hurry. It's nothing serious. Everything is fine."

"You sound nervous. Do you need help?"

"No, I'm fine. Where are you? In the park?"

"Yeah, I took some time off work to relax. What are you doing right now?"

"Nothing much. I just took a walk around town."

"Well, why don't you come meet me at the park then? I'm bored out of my mind right now. I can't go to your place, and I can't stand around here."

"Sure, I'll be over in a bit."

"Great. See you then.

You despite the cold, you wait for Daisuke under a tree in the park, very nervous to your surprise.

You were right, he's here. So is he as handsome as you remember?

He walks over to you having a small smile on his face.

"Sorry I'm late,"

You say "I'm sooo cold ... I forgive you if you give me a kiss"

He laughs at your suggestion and whispers in your ear.

"How about we warm up first?"

He kisses you hard on the lips, and you fall into the kiss. He lifts you up in his arms.

You enjoy the kiss so much that it is difficult for you to separate yourself from it, its heat helps you defrost your body.

"Let's go inside," he whispers.

You nod and kiss him on the cheek before entering the building with him. You walk into the small coffee shop.

You say "You gave me a good scare when I did not see you this morning in bed, I thought I would not see you anymore"

He raises an eyebrow and winks at you.

"I was just in a hurry this morning," he says. "I spent the whole night thinking about what we did last night."

You say "What have you been thinking? Do you regret it?"

"Of course not," he laughs, "But that doesn't mean I'm not motivated to do it again."

He kisses you quickly on the lips before taking a seat across from you.

You say "I am also willing to repeat, but you will have to wait for tonight ... Are you free?"

He nods and smiles. Then he nods with the answer you expect him to give.

"Yes, I am free," he says.

You take a deep breath and exhale. This is it.

You say "Great !!! Now I want to enjoy the time you have free ... Where do you want to go after breakfast?"

He grabs your hand and intertwines his fingers with yours.

"How about a walk along the beach?"

You say "With this snow? I love the idea..."

You nod eagerly.

"Then it's a deal," he says.

You quickly finish your breakfast before rushing out of the door with Daisuke.

On the way to the snowy beach we talked about Japan, Spain, and exchanged culture, which was very interesting and fun for me.

When we finally got to the beach, it was deserted.

You approach the sea with your boots on, noticing that strange mix of sand and snow. The first thing you do is take photos of the beautiful landscape, then you take a photo of Daisuke by surprise.

Daisuke grins when you start taking photos of the landscape.

"Wow, it's beautiful," he says.

You smile and agree with him.

You say "I'm in love with Japan ..."

You shrug, suddenly feeling very cold. Daisuke notices and slips his jacket off to give it to you.

"Go ahead and wear it," he says.

You pay attention to him and let yourself fall on him so that your body will warm him. While you keep taking photos.

Daisuke wraps his arms around you and holds you close.

He takes a few steps towards the coast with you in your new jacket, but suddenly he stops.

"I love you"

You say "Are you still saying that you love me? ..."

He interrupts you with a kiss.

"Of course I do," he says, "What of it?"

You continue the walk, holding hands.

You say "Daisuke ... I keep wanting to know you more and more .."

He cuts his eyes to you.

"Maybe we should sit down," he says, "I have some questions for you."

You nod and take a seat on the cold sand.

"Where do you work?"

You say "I am autonomous. I sell drawings, I write, I take photos ... I earn just enough but I like what I do"

He nods slowly.

"Do you have friends?"

You think about it and nod.

"Yes, a few," you say.

Daisuke watches the waves for a moment before turning to you.

"Tell me about them" he asks.

You talk for an hour about your friends, their interests and what they do in their spare time. You talk about the funny things they've both said and done. Daisuke listens carefully, asks you questions about yourself and just enjoys your conversation.

After an hour has passed Daisuke looks at his watch.

You say "Do you have to go now?"

He shakes his head.

"No, I have time," he says, "Tell me more about your friends."

You talk for another hour, about this friends and what you do together.

You talk about your favorite color, what your favorite food is and the type of movie you like best.

"Let's go home," he says, "It's getting dark, I'll walk you home."

You say "Okay, we can have dinner out, would you like?"

He smiles.

"I would love to," he says, "Where do you want to go?"

You tell him and he looks at you.

After dining at a traditional ramen restaurant, the two of us headed to my apartment, offering to come in. You stepped back to let him enter.

"I'm not sure how to thank you," he says, "I really had a good time."

You shrug.

You say "I'm the one who should be thanking you. You must have a ton of things to do and yet you've spent another whole day with me ..."

He approaches you.

"You're welcome," he says, "I had a blast, really. I haven't done something like this in a long time."

He pauses and looks around.

You say "Do you want some tea? A coffee? Hot chocolate?"

"No, I'm fine," he says, "I should really be going."

He turns to you. You're about to say something when he grabs you. Takes you into a deep, passionate kiss.

You say "But ... you'll be back tonight, right?"

He smiles and nods.

"Of course," he smiles, "I'll be back."

He walks to the door and opens it, waving to you as he departs.

You sigh heavily as you watch him go. Then you take off your clothes and dry yourself with a towel. When you're done you head to the kitchen and make yourself a hot chocolate that you enjoy while writing to your friends.

It is dark by the time he returns. You hear the door open and close, then his shoes on the floor. He walks up behind you, wraps his arms around your waist and kisses your shoulder.

You say "In the end you could come ..."

He pauses, as if pondering his answer. Then he turns to you and smiles.

"Yes, in the end I will come," he says with a smile.



You say "Thank goodness because I couldn't have slept without your dose of passion ..."

He laughs and kisses you on the lips.

"I had a lot of fun," he says, "I can't remember the last time I had so much fun."

He pauses and sighs.

You turn away from him and look into his eyes seriously.

"What's wrong?" he asks, "What are you thinking about?"

You take a deep breath.

You say "You win..."

He pauses and furrows his eyebrows.

"What did I win?" he asks.

You stare at him.

You say "I think I'm falling in love with you ..."

He seems to ponder your answer for a moment.

"I'm falling for you too," he admits.

He pauses and seems to think about what he just admitted.

You say "You didn't want me to be your girlfriend, well, do you want to or not?"

He looks at you and sighs.

"Yes," he says dejectedly, "I want to, but I don't think I should."

He hangs his head down and sighs.

"I shouldn't have said that,"

You say "So if we can't be together ... We'd better leave it here, before I fall in love with you more ..."

He pauses.

"Do you really love me?" he asks. "Really, honestly and to the depths of your heart?"

You nod your head.

You say "Yes I like you a lot. Every day more. I don't care who you are or what you've done. I'm falling in love with you."

He smiles.

"Then we will leave it here,"

You nod your head looking away. you feel like you're going to cry and you don't want to.

He hugs you tightly for a moment and then gently pushes you away from him.

"You're a strong girl," he says. "I'm glad I met you."

You am unable to say anything.

He turns and walks out of the room. You hear his flat shoes cross the bedroom and the door to the bathroom open and close. He'll be taking a shower, you think.

You hold your camera and begin to erase the photos of him as the tears fall.

You wipe the tears from your eyes and continue erasing all pictures of him from your SD card.

You when you finished, you threw yourself on the bed. The cry is drowned out by the pillow.

You stare at the ceiling and wait for him to come out of the bathroom. When he does, you are going to ask him one more question.

In the end, you never got to ask that question, but you do know the answer.

You say "You've been using me right?"

He pauses and looks at you.

"Yes," he says. "But I'm not going to stop now just because things have gotten serious."

He shrugs his shoulders and looks away.

You say "What will you do now?"

"I'm not sure," he says, "I'll probably go back to my hotel and rest."

He pauses and looks at you again.

You say "It's okay. Take care."

He nods his head in response.

"You take care of yourself too, okay?"

He walks over and hugs you tightly before walking out the door.

You watch him go and let out a long sigh. Lying on the bed, you are unable to sleep.

You sit up and look around the room.

Your fingers run against the cold metal of the nightstand.

Your eyes settle on the keycard.

You say "He's a yakuza, how could all that shit about loving me be true? I am an idiot..."

You look over to the window, still hoping that he would come back.

You wonder if he may be capable of loving you. You wonder if he's telling the truth. But then, you met him when.

You begin to worry that you are just another notch on a yakuza mobster's bedpost, and you feel sick.

"Think about it..."

You don't want to think anymore, you want to sleep, so you close your eyes and wait for sleep to come to you.

You wait, and wait, and wait...

You slowly open your eyes at around 5:30am. You check the time and sigh.

You look around the room, but he isn't here.

You get up and make yourself a coffee. Then you take a shower, brush your teeth, get dressed, and pick up your camera. It's cold today too.

You decide to go out to lunch and grab some food. You wander around for a bit, taking in the sights, people, and atmosphere of the city.

You pick up the phone and check if Daisuke wrote to you.

Nothing. You decide to get food.

You walk into a small cafe, and order a tuna melt with fries and a large diet soda. You take your time eating as you watch the people go by.

You write to your friends in the hope that one of them is free and wants to go out with you now.

You send your message off, then go to the arcade. You look at all the games and pick one to play. You spend hours playing.

You pick up your cell phone and ask if any of your friends want to come play with you.

You wait for a moment, then hang up. What's the point of asking, you think. None of them care about me enough to come, they're all too busy having fun and living their lives.

You finally you decide to walk through the streets of the city, lose yourself and find new places to photograph. It is night, but you don't care.

You walk through the streets, taking in the sights and looking for something to photograph.

Then you see a small theater on the side of the road. You think it looks interesting and decide to head inside. The theater is dark, so you buy a large lamp at a nearby convenience store and head back inside.

The show is about to begin, so you find the empty seat number 8 and sit down. The theater is filled with a small crowd, most of which seem to be in their late teens or early twenties.

The dark theater soon fills with people as the show begins.

The show is a mixture of dancing, singing, and little skits. You're not really sure what to make of it all, but the crowd seems to love it.

The music gets louder and the dancing gets wilder. You, on the other hand, sit there and take quiet pictures with your phone.

The show comes to an end and the crowd applauded. The actors returned to the main theater and waved as the doors closed. You waved back at them, but turned to see that they disappeared.

You finally you decide to go back to the street, you looked for a park where you could sit and have a hot coffee.

You sit on a park bench, take out your phone and check your messages. There are no new messages, but you can see that you have a bunch of spam and strange photo messages from someone you don't know.

You erase the strange messages and look at the starry sky.

You open up your camera and take a picture of the sky. You put your phone away and look at the stars. You realize how many you can count.

You say "I didn't come to Japan to suffer because of a stupid yakuza ..."

You are interrupted by a large man standing in front of you. You look up and realize it is the theater employee from before.

You observe how his face is.

The man has a stern expression, but his eyes remind you of that one random guy who smiles and nods at you sometimes when you're at the store.

"Do you have any money on you?" he asks.

You nod and hand him some coins.

The man takes the coins and nods. "Thank you," he smiles.

He leaves and you continue observing him. This man reminds you of someone.

You say "Ah ... Excuse me, wait!"

You call out to him and he turns around. His face is serious again. "Yes?"

You say "We know each other?"

He gives you a strange look. "No, of course not."

He gives you a small smile and nods before walking away to the counter.

You still hesitant, you stand up and decide to go to karaoke.

You walk to the front of the theater and head into the nightlife section of the city. You walk past various places, but stop at one in particular. It's a small building with glass windows and a neon sign. Inside you see a man wearing a red tracksuit with white stripes and a yellow T-shirt singing into a microphone.

You go into karaoke and ask for a room for yourself.

You open the glass door and call to the man. "I'd like a room please."

He nods, and points to a small counter on the left. "You can get your key from there."

You nod and look at the rooms. There is one room left, on the top floor. You walk up the stairs to check it out.

As you approach the room, you hear a high pitched squeal. The same man from before walks out of the corner of the stairs. He looks at you and frowns.

"What are you doing here?"

You say "I wanted to sing karaoke. What about you, what are you doing here?"

He frowns even more. "I'm cleaning the rooms."

You start to say that you already had a room cleaning service, but he starts to clean the room anyway.

I feel a little uncomfortable. It's like he's following me. Maybe it was just my nonsense ... No, it's annoying.

You open your camera and snap a photo of the man. You decide to stay there for the night.

"It's late," he says. "Where are you from?"

You say "I am from Spain. I came here on tourism for a few months."

He nods. "Me too. I was born and raised in Kyushu, but I moved here for higher education. Since I was little, I wanted to move to this island. It has an interesting history."

You say "Yes. Some of their story they told me ..."

Your phone starts to ring, and you take it out of your pocket. It's a local calling you, telling you that the room is ready.

You say "If you'll excuse me, my karaoke room is ready. I have to go."

He nods and turns around, you see that he is cleaning the room. I don't think he's following me now ...

You walk into the room and start karaoke. you are alone and ready to sing with all your might.

You put on your headset and choose the song you want to sing. You enjoy karaoke, so you pick a song that is very easy for you to sing. You wait for the lyrics in English, and then start to sing.

"I'll be there----," you start to sing, but you hear a door close.

You watch the door.

You see a man standing in the doorway. He is wearing a white and blue outfit, with headphones in his ears. You see a keychain with a flashlight on it hanging from his pocket.

You say "Ah ... sorry but this room is already occupied"

He looks at you and then at the room number displayed on the door. His eyes show the fury, and he starts to yell stuff with a thick accent.

You say "Sorry, I do not understand you..."

He runs at you and pushes your shoulders with both hands. You feel very tired.

"Listen to me, bitch!" he yells in your face, almost touching it.

You say " Let go !!!"

Seeing that he is not listening to you, you push his chest with both hands and force him to step back. Then you open your door and leave the room.

You say "What the hell ... he must be drunk"

Seeing the door locked, the man starts to bang the door with his fists.

"Open the door!" he yells in your face.

You turn to him and say something, but you do not know what.

You run to find the owner of the karaoke.

You quickly walk to find the owner of the room and tell him that there is someone in the room. He looks at you and says something, you don't understand, then goes back to what he was doing.

You say "Sorry, but a guy has attacked me and you're not going to do anything ???"

He turns to you and looks at you angrily.

"What do you mean? I can call the police, right?" he says.

You think for a moment, and you realize that what you did is wrong.

You say "Look, it doesn't matter ... Let him have the room. But give me my money back at least"

He gives you back your money, but tells you that he doesn't pay for the room.

You say "It's okay. Thank you."

You leave the bar and decide to go back to your place, you feel tired and sick.

I go back to my apartment. It's night and it's very dark, I use my GPS to help me get somewhere.

I open the door and lock it behind me. I change from my cool outfit to something more comfortable, forgoing the heels. Then I go to bed.

You pick up your mobile to see if your friends have written to you.

You pick up the phone and scroll to your messages.

You see 4 messages from your friends.

You read them, they are asking you where you are. 

You say "Hello !!! Sorry for not answering. I was in the movies and then I went to karaoke but a weird guy attacked me and I had to leave. Now I am home."

Your friends answer and ask you if you are feeling okay, they mention that someone called Fumi's death.

You think for a moment and realize that it must have been the guy who attacked you.

You say "The guy is dead? Spooky !!! It could have been me ..."

Your friends don't understand why you are so calm, and tell you not to go out after this incident.

You say "It's okay. Tomorrow I'll go out later, when it's sunny. I will be more careful."

You go to bed, but can't sleep, you are thinking about the guy who attacked you, sad that it could have been you...

You say "If Daisuke were here ... Would he help me?"

You laugh at yourself for thinking something like that, you can't stand Daisuke.

You finally fall asleep.

The next day I wake up later than normal. I turn on the tv hoping to find out more about what happened to the guy who attacked me last night. I see a newscast saying that the victim was an infamous criminal and an extremely dangerous man. His name is Fumi Iwasa and the police know who killed him.

The news also says that there are heavy rains this morning, so they won't be able to find the place where he was killed.

I go to the bathroom and after the daily cleaning I get dressed and pick up my camera. Perhaps you have photos of the dead man and his murderer?

Suddenly you receive a text message...

A photo has been sent, it's you, the guy who attacked you and the place where he was killed.

You panic. Something is definitely going on.

You go into a panic, you try to call the number that sent you the photo, but it goes to voicemail.

You try to send a message to your friends, but your phone is dead.

You go to the kitchen and pick up a knife that you keep under your clothes.

You walk to the living room and turn on the TV. No news about the dead guy.

Chills run down your spine... Someone could get hurt, it's not your fault, you have to tell someone.

You take your cell phone, you can only think of Daisuke so you call him without thinking.

He picks up on the second ring. "Hello."

"Daisuke, it's me..." You say.

"Oh, uh, hi." Daisuke says, he sounds nervous.

You say "I'm sorry to call you suddenly but I don't know what to do ..."

"Oh don't worry about it."

"I have a bad feeling about this..."

"What? What's wrong?" Daisuke asks.

You say "Last night a guy attacked me, and today he turned up dead. And they don't stop sending me very rare messages and photos ..."

"You're not making any sense."

"I received a message and a photo of me and the guy who attacked me, right after each other, at the place where he was killed. Then a panic attack sets in and I don't know what to do. This has never happened to me before."

"They're trying to get your attention, it's supposed to do that."

You say "Is it because I was with you? Do they do this to me for that?"

"No, I'm sure it has nothing to do with me."

"I have a bad feeling about this... what do you want me to do?" You ask with a heavy sigh.

"Let's say, I'm on your side, if this ever becomes a problem, you can always call on me.

You say "Call you? They could kill me at any moment !!!"

"I'll be nearby, I can help you. Just send me the location and we'll come in."

You say "I'm at home, if you come I can give you the photos ..."

Daisuke is silent for a moment...

"That's not a great idea..."

"Please, I have the photos right here, they could come at any moment!"

"Alright, alright, hold on."

Daisuke puts you on hold, during that time, you take out your phone and start searching for the photos.

You find an album with the photos that were taken at the cafe, it's quite big.

After looking for the photos from the album and from my camera, I wait for Daisuke's response.

"I see... Okay let's meet there then,"

"Okay..." You answer.

Daisuke hangs up without saying goodbye.

I put the photos and the camera in a hidden drawer in my closet. Then I check that the knife I keep is easy to use if I needed it. After that, I found the pepper spray and put it in a pocket of my jacket. Taking advantage of the cold, I wear several layers of clothing to protect myself from knives. And even without believing what is happening, I wait for Daisuke to knock on the door.

Suddenly the phone rings, making you jump. You quickly grab the phone, hoping that it's Daisuke.

"Hello?"

"How soon do you want to die?"

You say "Who are you and what do you want?"

"I'm the guy who killed your stalker. I don't like repeating myself, now how do you want to die?"

The voice on the phone says these words with a thick Asian accent.

You say "Who told you that I want to die? Do not be an idiot !!!"

The man laughs.

You say "Look, I don't know who you are or what you want, but you're wrong. I'm just a tourist ..."

"You are a liar. I watched you enter the cafe with him, he was watching you. Now, how do you want to die?

You say "With him? ... I enter the cafe with many people, explain to you !!!"

"Well, I don't care. I only ask because I'm going to kill you anyway. You're lying and you might as well liar well. I'm going to give you a few seconds."

You say "But why do you ask if in the end you are going to do what you want? At least answer me, I have the right to know before I die, right?"

There is silence.

"You are correct. But that's not my call. Come on, choose."

You hesitate for a moment in front of the phone in front of you.

You say "I want to die of old age if possible ... You already have your answer now answer my question"

"Ah! You're smarter than you look. Very well, I'll answer your question, but you need to tell me one thing."

"What is it?"

"Where are you exactly?

You say "In my apartment..."

"Good enough! Now, here is what will happen. I'm going to ask you some questions. If you answer incorrectly, or tell me something else, I'm going to kill you. Got it?

You say "Ask me..."

"What's your name?

You say "Rose"

"Your name's Rose, eh? I like that, it's cute. Tell me, what does your boyfriend call you?"

You blush at this question.

You say "I do not have boyfriend."

"Ah! You're lying, cute. Tell me, what does he call you?"

"I do not understand."

"Cute. Tell me, what does he do when he wants to fuck you?"

You say "I tell you i'm single"

"Ah, single. That's good. Single are better, cute. Tell me, does he come into your ... room?"

You say "Are you deaf or what? I don't have a boyfriend or fuck anyone!"

"You're lying cute. Tell me, does he come into your room and listen to the music you have on your computer?"

"I do not answer this question!

You say "Stop asking stupid questions and tell me why you do this to me !!!"

"Because I'm bored. Cute, you know you want to die. You're boring and tell me where your boyfriend is right now."

"I don't have one!

You say "Do I even know you?"

"You might have once, cute. Now, tell me where your boyfriend is."

"I do not know!"

"Ah! You lie, cute. You have to know, because I saw you two kiss!"

You say "I have only kissed with one person and it was for fun !!! We're not a couple !!!"

"Ah, so you do know me then. Tell me, how long have you and your boyfriend been together?

You say "Fuck you !!!"

"Whoa, whoa, whoa! Enough of that. Now, tell me where your boyfriend is!"

You hesitate a bit.

I hung up on him and I removed the plug from the phone. Then I look at my cell phone and call Daisuke.

"Hello?"

"You have to go to my apartment immediately!"

"What happened?

You say "That guy called me !!! He wants to kill me !!!"

"Be careful, Rose, he's dangerous."

"Dangerous? I saw him kill someone!"

"Well... OK. I'll be right there..."

You say "NO !!! You can't come ... He knows where I am, and I think he's looking for you too ..."

"What? Are you kidding me? Why should I stay away just because of that guy? I'm coming, Rose."

You say "But he can kill you !!!"

"I'll be careful. Now stay there, I'll be there in a few minutes."

Daisuke arrives in front of your apartment.

"What the fuck happened?"

"You'll see."

We go into my apartment and I lock the door. Then I take him to the bathroom where there are no windows and I show him the photos and messages that have reached me on my mobile.

"Well, what do you think?"

He looks at the pictures without emotion, comes in contact with the messages, and then closes his eyes. He seems to be concentrating. After a few seconds he opens his eyes and sighs.

"He's going to kill you, Rose.

You say "Yes, that's what he told me. But why? I don't even know who he is ..."

"He's connected to the yakuza."

"What? But..."

"Do you know the saying 'Don't shit where you eat?' "

"Yes, yes, of course!

You say "He was asking about my boyfriend, it doesn't matter if I told him I don't have it, he insisted ... I've only been with one person and that's you ..."

"It doesn't matter. Whoever he is, we're talking about a very powerful person. You don't want to make things worse for yourself by pissing him off."

"What should I do then? Tell me, Daisuke, what the hell should I do ?"

"Well... You could go to the police."

"And say what? That some man has been stalking me and threatening to kill me?

You say "Daisuke you are a yakuza ... Can't you help me?"

"I don't want to get into trouble with the law for killing a man just because he's threatening you, no offense.

You say "I see ... It's you, right?"

"What?

"It's you who is threatening me, isn't it?"

He sighs and turns around to face the wall. He puts his hand on it and closes his eyes.

"Yeah...

You say "So you admit it ... All this shit about me being killed, did you plan?"

"No, it's just... It doesn't matter."

"It doesn't matter? You threaten my life and it doesn't matter? I don't think so. It's obvious that you're behind this, and now you're trying to deny it."

He opens his eyes and sighs once again. He's getting annoyed.

"Look, if I really wanted to kill you, do you really think I'd be here right now?"

He says it with a half-smile and you immediately laugh. He's making fun of you.

You say "Sure you'd be here, you want those photos. I don't know why they are so important to you, but you can't kill me if I don't give them to you before ..."

"Oh that's because they are important! I want them."

He crosses his arms and continues to be smug.

You walk up to him and slap him in the face.

You slap his face hard, your handprint is already on his cheek by the time his hand hit you. He looks at his hand with a strange look.

"Fuck! What the fuck did you do that for?"

You say "If you wanted some stupid photos you just had to ask me !!! Why are you doing this to me??"

His cheek turns red, he's angry.

You say "I helped you !!! I believed you !!! I loved you !!! And even so..."

"You're an idiot."

He grabs you and kisses you before you can react.

You try to get rid of his kiss.

You push him away, but he doesn't stop. He's kissing you harder now and one of his hands touches your breast through your shirt. You start to get scared, then push him again to make him stop. This time he lets you go, and he grabs his cheek.

"This is really painful. I think you broke my cheek."

He touches the side of your mouth, which still tastes of his lips.

You say "Enough already ... Tell me what you want in exchange for my life to be normal again"

"I don't know yet."

He grabs your hand and begins to kiss it. You flinch.

I can not stand it anymore. I pull out the knife, walk away from him, and threaten to cut my neck if he does something. He looks at me, shocked.

"That's it? You're giving up so easily? I would have let you go."

You say "If I die you run out of your photos ... So answer me ... What are those photos that are more important than my life?"

"I can't tell you. They're a secret to me as well."

He looks at you with the eyes of he's trying to say more than what he's actually saying.

You say "It is clear that at some point I photograph something that the yakuza want, something illegal, right?"

"Well, maybe. But I can't tell you because I don't want to get in trouble with my boss."

You sigh and show a bit of annoyance.

"Fine, then I can't trust you either!"

You say "Do you want those photos? Let me go back to Spain and I will give them to you."

He doesn't answer right away. You're guessing that he's thinking about it.

"I'll let you go back to Spain if you give me those photos."

He smiles a bit.

You say "No, you've already shown me many times that I can't trust you"

"You can, but you don't want to. For instance, you can trust me to let you go."

You open your mouth to complain, but stop yourself.

"Fine."

You say "Three months ... It is the time I pay to be in Japan. I'll give you the damn photos in three months."

"Great. I'll hold you to that."

He takes his sunglasses off and looks at you straight in the eyes, trying to look directly into your soul.

You look into his eyes seriously trying not to hesitate.

You stare into the dark eyes of the yakuza boss.

He leans forward, pushing you on your bed until you almost touch the floor. He kisses you briefly on the lips, then laughs.

You say "What are you doing???"

He touches your cheek and smiles at you.

"I'm just kissing you, what does it look like?"

You say "You're fucking crazy ..."

He laughs harder, more in amusement than anything else. He pushes you playfully, and you fall on the bed. He grabs your wrists and puts them above your head.

You stare into his eyes. you don't say or do anything.

Daisuke stares at you softly, smiling. He leans towards you and kisses you on your neck. Your let out a little yelp, and he laughs again.

You say "I hate you..."

Daisuke moves his head, kissing you on your lips. He moves his face closer to yours, and you can feel his breath.

"I know," he says.

You say "Are you going to rape me now?"

He laughs again, but it sounds more like a gravely cough.

"I'm not a rapist," he manages to say.

He begins kissing along your jaw and down your neck.

You say "Why you are so cruel to me? Is it because I help you?"

"No."

You take a deep breath as his kisses and touch you.

"You are cruel to me," you complain.

"I am not."

You say "You threatened me with death for some photos ... And now you do this ... You are cruel ..."

He laughs and moves his head to your shoulder. He kisses you there, and you let out a sigh.

You take out the pepper spray and put it in his eyes.

He screams and falls off you, rolling on the ground and rubbing his eyes. He screams again, but you can't tell if it's in pain or not. You laugh.

You take some of your clothes and tie his hands and feet to the bed, then you help him with water so that the pain goes away sooner.

He shivers and sobs as you help him. He isn't fighting you, but he's crying more than screaming.

"Why are you crying???"

He doesn't answer, he just continues to sob.

You say "It's just pepper spray, it'll go away soon"

"Just stay away from me," he says in between sobs.

You stand up and look at him.

You pick up the knife that fell at some point and play with it on his penis.

He screams and continues to rub his eyes. You laugh.

You say "I'm sick of the way you act. You better cooperate or you will say goodbye to your little one ..."

He continues to sob as you continue to threaten him with the knife. You push his head with the knife and move closer to his face. He stops squirming and looks at you.

You say "Let's start at the beginning ... Why did you tell me that you loved me and wanted to marry me?"

He calms down and stops crying.

"You want to know why?" he asks, his voice monotone.

"Yes. I want to know."

"Because I was lonely. I was so lonely. You were the first person in a long time that I felt wanted around.

You say "So why did we break up when I told you that I was falling in love with you?"

He looks at you as you hold the knife to his throat. He starts to shiver in fear.

"I didn't want you to get hurt," he says.

"Bullshit.

You say "You didn't want them to hurt me, but you send a thug to threaten me with death?"

He squirms some more as he looks at you.

"I didn't want him to hurt you," he says.

"I can see that, but you still didn't do it for the right reasons."

You say "Tell me about those photos ... Why are they so important"

He stops squirming and looks at you.

"The boss wants them," he says.

"Why?"

"He doesn't want me to have an advantage."

You think for a moment before speaking.

You say "Explain yourself"

He looks down and speaks softly.

"The boss and I have an agreement. For my cooperation, I have certain demands. The boss wants those photos."

You think for a moment before speaking.



You say "What do these photos contain?"

"I don't know. You'd have to ask him."

"Tell me, or I'll cut your throat from ear to ear."

"I swear to God, I don't know!"

You say "And the guy who threatened me and turned up dead ... Who is he?"

"One of his men, I guess. I don't know his name."

You think for a moment before speaking.

You say "Fumi Iwasa..."

"Yes. I'm sorry for his death. I didn't order it."

"I saw his body. It looks like he was tortured.

You say "Did they kill him to scare me?"

"Yes."

"But they were successful, weren't they?"

"Yes, I guess so...."

You sit there in silence, pondering your next move. You consider the situation.

You say "How about you? What are your true intentions?"

"What do you mean?"

"Why did you start having an affair?"

"Because I was lonely. And you were the first person in a long time that I felt wanted around."



You say "I gave you my virginity and you trampled my feelings and my whole life ..."

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to. I just felt lonely and you were there. I felt wanted. I guess that was the wrong choice."



You say "We were both wrong"

"Yes, I guess it was."

You open your mouth as if to say something, but don't. You stand up and take a deep breath, then exhale and put the knife to his throat.

You say "I could end this here and now ..."

Daisuke looks at you with fear.

You put the knife in your pants and untie Daisuke.

"What are you doing!?" he cries.

"I'm not going to kill you, but I can't take this anymore"

You go to the closet, pick up the photos and hand them over to him.

"Here. You can have them."

He takes them, looking at you with surprise.

You say "I assure you that I don't know which photos you want, do what you want with them."

"I understand," says Daisuke.

"I'm serious."

"Of course."

He nods and stands up, pocketing the photos.

You say "With this we are at peace?"

"Yes."

"Good."

You nod and he nods, though there is a serious and sad expression on both of your faces.

You stand, arms crossed, staring at the ground.

"So, that's it then?" you ask.

"Yes," he replies.

"Goodbye."

He nods, and begins to leave.

"Wait!" you say suddenly.

He turns and looks at you.

You think, before speaking.

But I can't think of what to say to him. I just didn't want him to leave like this.

You just go with your instinct.

"If you ever feel lonely, there is always a place for you here."

Daisuke looks at you in surprise before looking down, his face red.

You say "But try to come as Daisuke and not the yakuza who wants to kill me, if possible ..."

Daisuke laughs nervously.

"Of course."

With this said, the man gets up and leaves the room. You sit back down at your desk and put your head in your hands.

You say "I hope the yakuza leave me alone with this ..."

For the first time in a while, you finally feel relieved.

You plug the phone back in and then pick up your cell phone to write to your friends about what happened, without details.

You quickly finish the letter and send it before heading to bed. You fall asleep pretty quickly after, leaving the thought of what happened in the morning.

I have slept more than normal, definitely everything that has happened to me these days left me exhausted. It's noon and the first thing I do is get into the shower, wash up, and have something for breakfast while I read my friends' messages on my cell phone.

I get a few questions about what happened, but I don't want to talk about it on the phone and tell them I'm fine. I make a small lunch and eat it on my bed as I reply to messages and respond to people.

You check if Daisuke wrote you anything. Anything that helps you stay more calm.

Nothing. Daisuke hasn't even sent you a message asking if you're okay. You're starting to panic and feel more alone than ever.

You sigh deeply. No more photos. And with that thought you dress and go for a walk.

You wander around the city, taking in the sites. You decide to stop by a bookstore while you walk and buy a few magazines before continuing your walk.

After a few hours, you finally return back to your apartment building. You have done nothing but walk around and take in the sights of this city.

You cook dinner while you watch TV. Perhaps the news has something important to say.

You prepare chicken curry, which is one of your favorite meals. After it's finished cooking, you turn on the TV to some infotainment show and eat dinner in front of the screen.

You eat dinner and watch the news, but there isn't anything new. You check your phone for any messages or missed calls, but there are none. You go to bed early for once.

The next day is just as boring, which makes you worry about how you'll spend your free time. You could go out and do something, though you really don't feel like it.

You decide to play some video games for the psp that you bought days ago here in Japan.

You sit on your bed, on the floor, and turn on your psp. After fumbling with the case for a bit, you remove the psp from its case and hold down start to boot it up. After it boots up, you load the game you downloaded days ago and turn on the game. As soon as it loads up the title screen, you click continue to start the game.

I spend hours playing Final Fantasy VII until my eyesight starts to hurt, so I decide to take my cell phone in case someone had written to me.

As you begin typing a message to your family, your worries fly away. Your fingers fly as you type out what you did yesterday, and what you plan to do today.

Then I write to my friends: "Do you have plans today? I'm bored at home"

I decide to go out, but I can't think of what to do.

You spend the rest of the day happily wandering around Akihabara.

I went to various stores looking for video games and cheap merchandise to buy. Also buy various gachapon along the way.

You walk around the streets of this electronic paradise. You try on various merchandise, buy games, and take countless selfies.

You head back to your apartment, exhausted from all the walking.

You before you get home you go into the cafe, you don't feel like cooking today.

You arrive at Cafe Yanagisawa, a nice cafe that's located on a corner of the street. The cafe is quite popular, filled with many salarymen stopping by their late lunch break.

You sit down and look at the menu.

You decide to have some beef bowl and pickled ginger as your side. The meal comes out quickly, and you eagerly chow down and drink down the entirety of your glass of iced tea.

You while you have dinner you write to your friends.

You finish up your dinner and head out the door of the cafe to head home. As you walk away, a salaryman dressed in a navy suit runs into you.

"Apologies,"

You say "Yes? Want something?"

"I am meeting a friend, would you care to join us?"

You say "It depends ... Where are you going?"

"To the underground training center. Do you want to come?"

This man looks like a potential suicide death trap, but the offer is quite tempting. For some reason they allow civilians to enter the place.

You say "What are we supposed to do there? To drink? Dance?..."

"Drink, yes. Dance, maybe. Help the friend with his training, that's up to you."

This man looks like he may be able to lead you to other potential suicide death traps.

You take a good look at the face of the stranger.

As you look into his eyes you notice the emptiness there. It is a coldness that can't be described.

You say "The idea is not bad but it's too late and I'm alone, I don't think it's a good idea, I'm sorry"

The man seems surprised by your answer, but he just nods and heads off.

Good, you didn't want to go through with the plan anyway.

He walks away from you and turns the corner.

You continue your way to the train station to return home, although uneasy about going alone.

You walk to the train station and board the next train back to your village. It takes about two hours to get there by train.

You observe the time, it is very late and that a woman is alone in a train is not safe. you are uneasy.

You walk to the next station and get off at the next exit. As you wait for someone to come along, a man walks up to you. He looks like he is in his 30's and has no job. He seems to be very friendly.

"Good day, my name is Taro"

You say "Goodnight..."

"Please, I only ask one thing... It's granted that you don't want any trouble, but can you give me a little time? I'm dying..."

You say "You want money?"

"Money? No, although that would help a lot... I want to die with dignity, if you can't understand that then we have nothing more to discuss."

It looks like this man wants to die...

You say "Commit suicide? Why?"

"I'm dying of cancer"

You nod, probably realizing that you would have done the same in his position.



You say "Is it advanced cancer? It has no cure?"

"No, it can be cured..."

He pauses for a moment.

"If I tell you what I want then, can you give it to me?"

"Of course"

The man smiles gently.

"I want to die peacefully in my sleep, with my family around me. I want it to be a gentle death. I want you to help me"

You say "Wait, wait ... I'm not a murderer or a doctor ... Besides, if it has a cure, why don't you fight to keep living?"

"I have no reason to live anymore, I have lost everything. My family, my health, my friends... I have no strength left and no hope. I want to die. Will you help me?"

You say "I want to help you but not in that way ... Will you accompany me to my house? It's too late and I'm alone, it scares me"

The man nods silently.

You walk side by side with the man, deep in thought. It's a dark night but the full moon is bright enough to make out your surroundings.

You say "Mr. Taro ... Why did you say that you lost everything?"

"I did"

"What does that mean exactly? Did you lose everything or did you hesitate when you mentioned it?"

"I lost everything I owned"

You say "Maybe you can still recover those things and people that you have lost ..."

"I doubt it, I have tried several times but circumstances are against me. They will never change. I am going to die, and it's pointless to keep fighting destiny."

You say "So if you can't get back what you lost, find something new that gives you a reason to live ..."

The man thinks for a minute and his face lights up slightly. You realize you have just seen a small glimpse of hope.

"Have you .... Do you know how to cook?"

You say "Yes. Do you want us to cook something together?"

"I want to learn how to cook. Who knows, maybe I can find something that will help my illness. Maybe it won't be long now.

You say "Great !!! Then I will teach you to cook !!! I can be your new beginning, what do you think?"

"Yes, I think that would help a lot. I'm glad you understand my intentions."

You say "So it's a deal !!! I teach you to cook and I help you with whatever you need, but in return you must cure that cancer. Agree?"

"Yes"

Mr. Taro smiles gently and nods.

The two of you reach an agreement and shake hands.

You say "By the way, I'm Rose, delighted."

"I'm pleased to meet you"

We get to my apartment and I stand in front of the door looking Taro in the eye. He seems unsure of what to do next.



You say "Okay, this is not easy. I live alone, and bringing a stranger into the house isn't very smart but ... I'm worried about what you might do, so come inside."

Mr. Taro walks past you and inside without touching you. You shut the door and he looks around the living room.

"You have a nice home. I like your furniture, especially that couch.

You say "Thank you !!! It's a rental apartment, I'll be here for about three months ..."

"Good, good, so you're a temporary resident"

You look at Taro and he looks at you. You are starting to feel awkward and decide it is time to change the conversation.

You say "Have you eaten something?"

"No, I haven't eaten since this morning."

"Let's cook something then"

"Great"

You both sit at the kitchen and begin to talk while cooking. You found out that Mr. Taro is originally from Sapporo, capital of the northern island Hokkaido. He came to the city when he was in his twenties to study English at a local university. He was in his third year when his father suffered a heart attack and died suddenly. The death of his father hit him hard and he left the university without finishing his studies. For the next few years he lived in the dorms, eating cheap cafeteria food. He saved all that he could and eventually moved to Yokohama, a city south of Tokyo. He later found work on a fishing boat, working for a few years before being laid off. He has lived in the city ever since.

You talk for a few hours and eventually decide to eat.

You say "You have told me about your father but what happened to your mother?"

"My mother?"

"Yes, your mother. I think you had one."

"Oh, her. She died of cancer when I was ten."

You look at Mr. Taro, he looks back.

You say "And you do not have brothers?"

"No, I am an only child."

"Oh."



You say "And your friends?"

"I don't have many. Most of the fishermen I know have families to support, so they can't work as much as I do."

"Oh, I'm sorry.

You say "And when did you know you had cancer?"

"I found out around my thirtieth birthday."

Mr. Taro pauses and looks down, picking at his fingers

"It was the year before last.

You say "Good thing you can still heal. Look, we don't know each other at all, but I've been through this with my family many times, so if you need support I'm here for whatever you need."

Mr. Taro pauses for a moment, before smiling and putting his hand on yours

"Thank you. That means a lot."

You say "And now to eat that gets cold!"

You laugh and sit down. You look at the food on the table as Mr. Taro begins to eat happily with a big smile on his face.

Served with onion soup, boiled potatoes and pickled vegetables.

You say "It's very good. You are good at cooking, you know?"

"Thank you, I love to cook."

You laugh and begin eating. You quickly shovel in your food and start chewing as fast as you can to make the eating process fast.

You say "You can stay here as long as you want, but if you try to do something nasty with me, I'll kick your ass, understood?"

Mr. Taro laughs

"Oh you sweet talker, you. I'll be sure not to do anything nasty."

You smile and quickly finish chewing your food as fast as you can.

You when you finish eating you pick up the dirty dishes and go to Taro.

You quickly run to the sink and was the water on the dirty dishes. You then quickly turn around and look at Mr. Taro who is standing near the fridge. You smile as you walk over to him.

You say "I have video games, blue ray movies, board games ... That door is the bathroom, and that door is the toilet, and that other door is my room. You will have to sleep on the couch, sorry."

Mr. Taro smiles and says

"Sounds perfect."

You quickly say

"I'll be right be backs, I'm just going to go to my room first."

You go to your room and take off your clothes to put on comfortable pajamas.

You walk into your room and shut the door. You quickly get undressed, and pull on your dark blue and black pajamas. You get into bed and turn on your phone.

I write to my friends: "Leaving the train a guy asked me for help, he wanted to commit suicide !!! Now I have him here at home, I'm crazy"

Your phone instantly write to you: "That's creepy and risky, be careful"

You write quickly to your friend: "Ok, I get it, but what should I do ?"

Your friend quickly writes to you: "Just keep talking and don't let him do anything, I think he's annoying"

You write to your friend "But he wants me to stop him from killing himself !"

Your friend quickly writes again: "Exactly, why let him do it ?!"

You write to your friend: "Exactly, I don't want him to die"

Your friend quickly writes to you: "Well, it seems you have 2 options: Kill him or let him kill himself, and your choice is obvious"

You laugh as you put your phone under your pillow.

You say "My friends are crazy. It doesn't seem like Taro is lying, he just needs help ..."

You walk into the living room. Mr.Taro is still sitting on the couch, watching you.

You look at Taro and you begin to think

"What should I do ?"

You say "How do you feel?"

Mr.Taro looks at you and smiles as he says

"I feel a little dizzy, but I don't think I'm going to die today"



You say "Try to get some sleep, I'll be in my room, if you need something call me, okay?"

Mr.Taro smiles as he gets off the couch and walks towards you.

"Thank you for your kindness"

He pulls you into a hug, which surprises you. You hug him back.

At first you think he won't hug you, but finally he hugs you.

You say "Thank you for not committing suicide ..."

You quickly run to the kitchen to grab a juice before bed. You sit next to Mr. Taro who seems to be asleep already.

You look at him, but you decide to not wake him up.

I go to my room and close the door carefully. Then I lie on my bed and pick up my cell phone to see if Daisuke wrote to me.

I see several messages, the first one is from Daisuke.

"Hey if you want to hang out, we can meet in front of the station at 17:00"

You laugh as you see his message, which means he wants to meet you tomorrow."

I write: I will be delighted to go out with you. I will be there at 17:00"

I press send and pick up my phone, to see if Daisuke wrote you more messages.

You see three new messages, all from Daisuke.

"I will look forward to seeing you!"

"Don't be late again, haha"

"See you later, Daisuke"

You roll your eyes and laugh.

You happy, you put your phone away and go to sleep.

You wake up at noon, which means you slept for 6 hours.

You walk into the living room, and there is Mr.Taro.

He smiles at you and asks

"How do you feel?"

You say "I am incredibly happy ... And you? How are you?"

Mr.Taro looks at you and says

"I feel pretty good too!"

He pauses as he looks at you, smiling.

"In fact, I want to ask you something..."

He says slowly.

"Would you like to go out to dinner with me tonight?"

A chill runs down your spine as you hear these words.

You say "I would love to but today I have already met someone..."

Mr.Taro seems disappointed as he hears your answer.

"Oh, okay. Well that's fine too. I understand"

He pauses again as he looks at you, smiling.

You say "Okay ... Is 8pm okay?"

Mr.Taro smiles as he asks

"That's a bit too early for me..."

He seems to think for a moment as he asks

"How about we meet at 10pm then?"

You say "Perfect, at 10pm. Are we going to have dinner here or out?"

Mr.Taro smiles as he says

"Here, I'll make something for us"

Mr.Taro looks around the apartment

"You have a juicer?

You say "Yes here it is"

Mr.Taro is clearly surprised

"You have a juicer? That's great! I love fruit and juice!"

He seems very happy as you show him the juicer.

You say "Let no more be said !!! I'll make you an orange juice with kiwi right now"

Mr.Taro smiles as he thanks you and takes a seat at the table.

He pours some orange juice into a glass and KIWI in it.

He pauses as he looks at you, smiling.

You say "What are you going to do today? You have to work? Go to the hospital maybe?"

Mr.Taro seems to think for a moment

"I'll go and see my doctor today, he's the only one who can make my body feel better"

You say "Do you need me to accompany you?"

Mr.Taro seems very surprised

"What? No, I'm fine. It's just that you seem really interested and I'd prefer if I went alone"

You say "As you wish, but remember that tonight I'll wait for you for dinner"

Mr.Taro seems to think for a moment

"Yeah, okay. I'll see you then"

He smiles and walks out of the room.

You finish breakfast and head to the bathroom to take a shower.

You finish showering and head to your room to dress up.

You choose a lovely black dress and hooker shoes, to which you add some make up and really think about where is it suitable to go to.

You say "Mr. Taro? Are you here or are you already gone?"

You open the door and find a small envelope on it. You open it and read the message inside:

Sorry to bother you, but I'm running really late, so don't wait for me. See you tonight.

You sigh deeply. you go out of the house to the park near you and write to your friends over a hot coffee.

Sorry guys, but I can't go out tonight :( I am really sorry, but something unexpected happened to me :(

I'll tell you all about it tonight, kind of a weird story, see you soon.

xoxo

A friend

You sigh as you finish writing and put your phone away in your purse.

I have the whole day until 5:00 p.m. free, so I dedicate myself to visiting shops and spending time sightseeing.

The first thing you do is to go to the museum. You wanted to visit it ever since you arrived in this city, but you simply didn't have the time.

You have no idea how much time you spend in there, but when you finally come out, the sun is already high in the sky.

You decide after seeing all the many famous pieces of art that you simply must have one, so you buy a sketch of a big house with two towers and a wide garden.

You pay the man who drew it and take a photo with your phone of you and your new treasure.

Let's see, what else can I do today, I have the whole day...

Actually, you have never really been in this part of town, so you decide to go and find a good place to eat.

You can easily spend several hours just walking around and looking at everything.

Actually, you can easily spend several days just doing that, but today is today and your curiosity will only lead to more things to see tomorrow.

You walk up the big avenue looking at many different sorts of shops. There are so many tempting ones, you don't know where to start.

I visit all the stores that I can until I look at the clock and see that it is late. Then I head towards the meeting point with Daisuke. I am very nervous.

When you arrive at the park, you see a little black car pulling up to the curb. The back door opens and then you notice someone getting out of the back. It's him.

"Hello,"

You say "Daisuke !!! You have come to the end !!!"

"Hey !!! How are you doing, it's been a while." He seems happy to see you.

You say "Well, I've been very good. I've even made a new friend."

He smiles and holds your hand as you both walk towards the car.

"A friend? That's good to hear, so what's his name?"

You say "Taro, he's a boy about my age. He's living with me, actually."

"Ah, he is? That's good. Have you known him long?"

"Just since yesterday."

"Hmm, oh well, hopefully he's trustworthy."

You say "The poor man is having a hard time so I want to help him ... It doesn't seem dangerous"

"Sheesh, that's trusting. Though I suppose if you trust someone then that means they probably aren't going to do anything bad right?"

"Exactly."

Daisuke laughs and opens the car door.

You say "I trust you after all, right? Lord yakuza"

Daisuke bursts out laughing as he gets in the backseat with you.

"Yes, yes you do m'love."

He grabs your hand and kisses it before giving it a squeeze.

You say "Are you taking me to one of those private viewpoints by car?"

"Yes, I have a few places in mind. You know, I never got to go to one of them when I came here last time. Will you come with me, it's just up the road?"

You say "Sure, take me !!!"

Daisuke drives the car for about 15 minutes or so, then you notice up ahead on the side of the road there is a rest area.

Daisuke pulls the car into the parking lot and gets out.

"Come on, I want to show you something."

He walks over to a large storage building and opens the door.

"Come on, I want to show you something inside."

He leads you into the building. There aren't any windows in here, just a bunch of shelves stacked high with all kinds of stuff. Daisuke walks over to the shelves and starts pulling them out, stacking them up in a corner.

"Hey, what are you doing? That's illegal you know!" You say.

"It's not valuable, come on over here. Let's have a look at everything.

As you and he finish stacking all the shelves, you notice a door in the back of the room open up.

"Daisuke? Where's this going?

He doesn't answer like he's listening to you, he's just walking towards the back of the storage room.

You quickly stop stacking the shelves and follow him. As you walk over to him, he reaches the back door and pulls it open.

"After you m'love."

You walk outside with him and find yourself in the mountains.

He takes your hand and leads you to a clearing in the trees. In the center of the clearing is a nice, flat stone table with two wooden chairs on either side of it.

"Do you see that?" Daisuke says, pointing off into the distance.

You look where he's pointing and see a mountain peak in the distance.

"I see it, it's beautiful."

"This is like one of my favorite poems. If you look closely, you'll see it has a hidden message written on it. Well, not really hidden, since it's right there in plain view. But just to give you a little extra something, to make the message extra meaningful. If you look carefully, you'll see it also has a hidden picture too."

You look and find that the message on the rock is written as you're looking at it.

"Love love love

You fall for it every time

Never know till you give it a try

It's not as easy as it seems"

You say "Daisuke ... What is all this?"

Daisuke looks at you and smiles.

"It's my gift to you, my way of showing you how much I love you."

You say "So now all of a sudden do you love me again?"

Daisuke is silent for a while, and then he speaks.

"What would happen if I told you that I have been in love with you from the moment I saw you?"

You don't answer he just looks at you for a while.

You say "It would be hard for me to believe after everything you've done to me for some photos ... You and your yakuza friends ..."

Daisuke takes his sunglasses off and looks into your eyes.

"I'm not joking."

He puts the shades back on, and looks at the peak.

"I'm waiting for another opportunity to tell you the truth."

You don't answer you just look at him and wonder what he'll do next.

You hug him from behind, sighing.

"Damn, I really want to believe you."

"Well, you can't just sit in the back and do nothing can you?"

You stand in front of him to stare into his eyes. Your hand holds his, your other hand caresses that scar on his face that united you.

He stares at you for a while and then smiles. He turns around and takes your hand leading you to the rock surrounded by bushes.

"Come on, I've made a place just for us."

He sits down on the rock and invites you to sit next to him.



I shake my head and sit on top. I wrap my arms around him and desperately seek his lips. I want him madly. He holds my head and pushes me back to stare into my eyes. He looks serious and falls silent.

There is an intense sadness in his eyes. The sight of it makes the breath leave my lungs.

You say "What's wrong?"

"It's you. I'm so happy that you're in my life, but the fact is, I can't give you what you want. You deserve so much more than me.

You sigh deeply and hug him silently.

"I'm ugly. I'm not the man you deserve."

He still stares at me.

You say "What do you say? You are very sexy. And if you mean the things you've done well ... We all do bad things in our lives ..."

"Will you just listen? I love you. I want to show you how much, but I can't give you the things you want at least not in a way you want. I wish I could, fuck!"

You say "The yakuza won't let you?"

"They can't stop me, they'll just get in the way of you giving me what I want. I want you, however I can't give you anything more than this.

You say "It's okay, I'm content to see you, talk to you, know that you're okay ..."

"You have no idea how happy I am to hear that, but if you knew the things I thought about doing to you...

You say "What things?"

He doesn't answer.

"Well tell me."

He looks around and then whispers.

"I was thinking about how I wanted to tie you up and do disgusting things to your body."

You say "Are you sadomasochistic?"

"What? No! But I like to get a rush from it from time to time. And if that means acting out the kinky desires of my fantasies on you, so be it."

You say "Okay, maybe one day we can make your fantasy come true"

Then he leans in and kisses you on the lips. You kiss him back, as his strong arms wrap around you. You feel protected, loved and wanted.

You flop onto his pecs to hear his heart as your hand caress his hair.

He looks down and laughs.

"You look so cute right now."

You blush and sit up as you look at him.



You say "And you look like a tamed lion right now"

He smiles and grabs your hand to hold it over his heart, you do so.

He looks around and stands up.

"Security is terrible here, we should go before someone sees us."

You say "You're right it's getting dark and it's cold too"

He grabs your hand and pulls you up as he leads you through the trees.

You say "We go back to the car?"

He nods and heads off, you follow.

The walk is long and tiring, you stop to rest a few times. He keeps a slow pace so you can keep up.

Finally you see the car, it's far away but getting closer.

He runs ahead and waves, you follow to call him back to a normal walking pace.

You reach him and he opens the door for you, holding it open for you.

"Thank you, I really enjoyed that."

"My pleasure, please let me know when you want to do it again."

You get in the car and wait for him to do the same.

He looks around and then quickly leans in and kisses you, you respond with passion. He pulls away and hops in the driver's seat.

You your hand touches his, preventing him from starting the car. Your gaze was directed to his eyes.

He looks into your eyes and then slowly, very slowly move his head closer to yours. His lips were less than a centimeter away, he closed the door and got into the car.

You for a moment you hesitate to kiss him on the lips, you feel his breath on your face.

He looks at you and slowly move his head slightly to the right. You shift to your right, and in a split second his lips were on yours.

You let yourself be carried away by that kiss, your tongue seeks his and your hand caresses his face.

As if in a trance, you kiss him, he tastes sweet and fresh. You feel him put his hand on the back of your head, pulling you closer. He deepened the kiss and after a few seconds you could feel your knees getting weak.

He suddenly stopped and rested his head against the car, taking a deep breath.

You say "I'm sorry..."

He turns to you and strokes your face, as he smiles.

"Don't be, that was the best kiss I ever had."

He leans in and kisses you again, this time more passionate.

You feel his passion travel every inch of your body. Small moans come out of your throat drowned by the union of your lips. Your hands rest on his shoulders and go down to his pecs, caressing them.

Your tongues commingle and he pulls you closer, it feels so good. He suddenly stops again running his hands through his hair and sighing.

"Fuck, that felt so good. I'm really sorry but..."

You say "But what...?"

"Because if we stay here any longer, I won't be able to stop myself from taking you right here in the car and I really want to try something new on you."

You say "Then do it..."

He turns and looks at you for a few seconds, the passion in his eyes intensifies. He slowly moves his hands to your waist and lifts you up by it.

You sit on top of him. you accidentally honk your ass on the car horn, which scares you and makes you laugh at the same time.

But he keeps you up, looking into your eyes.

You suddenly feel his tongue in your mouth, going deep inside. His hands on your ass move you against him, your wet pussy sliding along his massive cock.

You rub your body against his, noticing how his pants tighten more and more. you kiss him so many times that you lose track.

As he gently lays you down on the backseat of the car, his hands go to your dress and start to take it off. You help him and soon you are only wearing your panties. He kisses your stomach and slowly moves up, stopping to kiss every single inch of your body as he does so. You feel his breath against your pussy and then he looks at you.

"Fuck, you're so beautiful."

"You can do anything to me..."

His voice sending waves of pleasure through your body. With one finger he starts to flick your clit, which makes you gasp. Then, two fingers start to go deep inside your pussy, while his tongue licks your clit.

You look into his eyes as you feel exploding in his mouth, waves of pleasure going though your body.

Does he really want to do this? But his words are sending you so much pleasure...

With one finger still going deep inside your pussy, he straddles you and guides his cock to your opening.

"I want to feel your pussy on my cock."

You say "Wait ... the condom ..."

He grabs a condom from his pants and puts it on, then guides his cock to your pussy.

"Do you want it deep or fast?"

"Do what feels good..."

He starts to gently push into you, while you grab his arms. He starts slowly, then starts to pick up the pace, going faster and faster. You feel amazing, wrapped around him.

His hands go from your ass to your throat, he is choking you as he fucks you.

The pleasure intensifies as he holds your throat, his cock deep inside your pussy. Your legs shake, and you cum so hard that you worry you'll pass out.

Suddenly, he frees your throat and his hands leave your body.

"Ahhh!"

You scream as he shoots his load deep inside your pussy, filling the condom with his hot load.

You try to catch your breath both from the orgasm and from his strangulation. you cough non-stop as the air returns to your lungs again.

He thrusts a few more times and then gingerly lays on top of you. You feel him kiss on your forehead, then he grabs the condom and throws it in the trunk of his car.

You hug him, although you can barely stop shaking and coughing.

He grabs your hand and kisses it, then hugs you close as you hold each other for a few minutes. "I'm sorry I couldn't tell you before, but thank you for trusting me."

You say "You scared me, I didn't expect it ... Next time, let me know"

He laughs and kisses you.

"You're so beautiful right now, so trusting, so caring. I'm lucky enough to get to fuck this amazing girl. I can't wait until the future."

You say "Daisuke ... I doubt there is a future, in three months I will return to Spain, remember?"

He looks at you.

"There are ways, you could stay..."

You look at him, considering it. It's not something you could just up and do without a good reason.

You say "Leave it all for you? We're not even dating, just lovers"

He kisses you again, and hugs you.

"Whatever happens, I want you to know that I loved this."

You smile a bit, and kiss him once more.

You say "Have I told you how much I hate you?"

He laughs, and you laugh with him.

You say "Do you have something to do now?"

He looks down, a bit down.

"I have to meet with the head of the yakuza, he is requesting my presence."

You nod, even if you have no idea what that really entails.

You say "It's okay. I will let you go if you promise me that tomorrow we'll see each other again ..."

He kisses you one more time.

"I promise."

He gets up and starts putting his clothes. You do the same, although you find it hard to really dress after all the sex you had.

You when you finish dressing and combing your hair a bit with your fingers, you sit in the passenger seat with a knowing smile.

He smiles as he notices you sitting there, there is still a bit of lust in his eyes, but it's mixed with caring and some other emotion you can't put your finger on.

You say "Do you take me to the supermarket near my house?"

Daisuke nods, for a moment his face turns into a darker serious one.

You kiss him on the cheek.

He looks surprised, and blushes a bit.

"I've wanted to do that for a long time" you say with a big smile.

He smiles back and starts driving.

You look out of the car window as you drive, as the scenery passes by. You suddenly realize how many times you must have passed by this street, but you didn't even notice it before.

The car stops at a red light, and you close your eyes for a moment. You feel Daisuke's hand on your thigh, as the two of you just stare into each other's eyes for a moment.

You feel the light touch of his lips on yours.

The light turns green, and you both get out of the car.

You say "I have to buy things before I go home ... So here we say goodbye for today ..."

Daisuke nods, and you embrace him. He hugs you tightly, and the two of you kiss several times.

You say "Be careful, please"

He nods and gets back into the car. He starts driving off, before looking back at you.

You wave at him as he drives away, and he smiles back at you.

You go to the supermarket to buy snacks, water, chocolate, coffee and sugar. When you pass by the condom area, you take a couple of packages with shame.

You exit the supermarket, and you walk around the corner on the main street. You look around and notice some people you know. You walk towards them, and they notice you too.

You greet them and continue your way to your house.

You nod, say hi and walk past them.

You continue walking.

When you get home, you lock the door and throw away the groceries, promising yourself that next time you will buy only healthy food.

You i'm looking for Taro who said he would make dinner today.

You call out his name, but there is no answer.

You look around, but there is nothing out of place.

You call out his name again, hopefully louder this time.

Suddenly, you see him.

He stands there, wearing an apron with some cutlery on top of it.

You say "Mr. Taro? Didn't you hear me?"

He turns his head to you and gives you a quick smile.

Then he turns back to the cutting board with some meat and vegetables, and continues to cut them.

You say "Are you okay?"

He smiles at your question and continues to cut the vegetables and meat.

You feel awkward, and take a step back.

You although you hesitate for a few seconds, you approach him and put your hand on his shoulder.

He turns back to you and smiles again.

You say "What's happening to you? Why don't you speak?"

He stares at the knife for a moment, and his smile disappears. Then he speaks in a monotone voice.

"I'm sorry."

He quickly turns away from you, and resumes to cut the vegetables and meat.

You notice that the knife has a deep cut on the middle finger of his right hand.

You say "My God, what happened to you?"

He continues to work, as if he didn't hear your question.

You see that his eyes are bloodshot and he seems exhausted.

You think he might be crying, but it's hard to tell.

You take the knife out of his hands and lead him to the sofa, sitting on it.

He takes a deep breath and sits next to you. He stares at the floor, his shoulders slowly heaving up and down.

He continues to stare at the floor for a while.

You say "Mr. Taro ... Did the hospital go wrong?"

He looks at you. The deep sorrow in his eyes break your heart.

Staring at his bloody hand, he answers.

"Yes."

He stares at his bloody hand again, and then looks at you.

You say "Is it your cancer? Has it gotten worse?"

He nods as he answers.

"They couldn't do anything to it. My life's finished."

A look of pure agony passes over his face, and then he looks at the floor again.

You don't know what to say so you covered his wound with a handkerchief and hugged him tightly.

He hugs you back for a few seconds, and then steps away from you. He stares at you, and even if you could read his facial expression, you wouldn't have been able to understand it.

You say "What if you will look for a cure in another country? They say that in America there are good doctors ..."

He shakes his head slowly from side to side.

"Don't say it."

He stops you when you're about to say something.

You say "It has to be possible to do something, do not give up"

He shakes his head again, and you can see that what he is going to say is going to be very hard for him.

"No, there's nothing else to do."

You say "Tomorrow I accompany you to the hospital, I want to talk to your doctor"

He closes his eyes and sighs deeply.

"No."

He stares at the floor again.

"I'm sorry. I can't."

You say "TARO !!! While even life there is hope, trust me"

He opens his eyes and looks at you.

"You really don't get it, do you? You really don't."

He grabs your wrist and stares at your watch.

You say "I understand that we must not lose hope. If after talking to your doctor there is nothing to do, I will not insist more ..."

He shakes his head.

"You don't get it at all."

He stares at your wrist.

You say "Explain then"

He continues to stare at your wrist.

He says "I've been dead for nearly a month."

You think for a second.

You say "One month? But how...?"

He laughs bitterly.

You say "I ... I'm sorry ... I'm sorry I can't do anything ... I said I'd help you and still ..."

He closes his eyes.

"There's no way to help me. I'm gone."

He hangs his head and stares at his feet.

You stare at him blankly for a moment, shocked.

You say "Taro ... I can't heal you but at least I can be with you until the last moment. You can counting on me for whatever it is. I will help you achieve your dreams. Ok?"

He opens his eyes again and smiles at you weakly.

"Thanks."

You gently hug him. He hugs you back, and with his head against your chest, he can hear your heart beat.

You say "Tell me what you want to do and I will do"

He laughs bitterly again.

"That's the problem. I don't have anything to do."

He sighs deeply.

You say "So we'll start with that dinner you promised me today. And tomorrow we will go sightseeing together near here, surely you have things to tell me about this place."

He smiles.

"Of course."

He takes a small black notebook from his pocket and flips through it.

"I've found a few Italian and French restaurants around here. What would you like to eat?"

You smile back.

You say "Any option is good, I'm very hungry"

He laughs again.

"Well then I think I've found the ideal place."

He turns, and you follow him along the street.

You arrive at a small Italian restaurant.

He orders for two, and you order a large pizza with extra olives. He smiles when the waiter leaves.

You say "I love Italian food"

He smiles.

"I'm glad."

He takes out his notebook again.

"I found this bar just yesterday. I think you would like it."

He turns and looks at the street.

"We could go sightseeing there tomorrow when we are done with our errands."

You say "I like the idea"

He takes out his notebook once more.

"There is a small museum close to here. I think you would like it."

He frowns and reads from the book.

"The National Museum of Modern Art."

You say "If there is something I like, in addition to Italian food, it is the museums and the history in them"

He smiles.

"Good."

He takes out his notebook once more.

"I was hoping you'd say that."

He reads from the book again.

You say "What else do you have planned?"

He reads from the book one last time.

"There is a small theater just two streets up."

He looks at you for a response.

You say "Interesting. Tell me can we see Kabuki there"

"I think so. It's supposed to show a modern version of it. I've never seen it, but I've heard good things about it."

He smiles warmly.



You say "I want to see that too"

He laughs.

"Of course."

You order a coffee from the waiter, who smirks and leaves without asking you any questions.

"So how long have you been living in this city?"

You say "Not much, just a few days in fact"

"Ah. Well, this is a good city if you're just starting out. There are many things to do if you don't have anything to do."

You look at him carefully for the first time.

You say "I know. And I have had some very rare and difficult days, so I hope I can visit a lot of places now"

He laughs again.

"Of course."

He looks at you and smiles warmly. You like his smile.

You say "How do you feel? You haven't eaten anything yet"

"Well, I am honest, I haven't had anything since this morning. But I'm sure I'll be fine."

He sips his coffee and closes his eyes.

You say "Even if you are not hungry, try to eat something, please"

"Yes mother"

He laughs again and opens his eyes.

"Let's talk about something else."

He looks at you seriously.

You say "Ask me what you want, I will feed your curiosity"

"Okay. What do you like?"

You think for a moment, and then you speak.

You say "I like to draw, write, videogames, manga and anime, all of Japan ..."

"What games do you like?"

"I like the old school Final Fantasy, the Sims series, Animal Crossing, Harvest Moon..."

"The Sims? Isn't that a life simulation game?

You say "It is !!! Sometimes you get tired of the day to day and you start playing a game that is exactly the same, ironic, right?"

He nods his head.

"I have not played that game, but I have heard a lot about it."



You say "We could play it if we go to a cyber cafe. We create ourselves and see what happens ..."

"Sounds good to me."

You look around and feel that someone is watching you. You turn around and see two men dressed in black clothes sitting at a table in the corner of your eye.

You say "Taro ... Aren't those two guys a little ... Suspicious?"

"Yes, but they are not doing anything, do not worry"

They look at each other and nod. The one closest to you takes out a pda and check his messages.

I'm restless so I prepare for whatever they try to do.

Suddenly the man in sunglasses put a card in the swipe-machine and leans over to speak to the man who is using it. The one on the other side stands up quickly and pulls out a knife.

I stand up and grab Taro to get up, and run away. At the table, the man with the knife knocks over a chair and falls, while the other one shouts something in a hurry and tries to get his gun out of his pocket.

I fled from the restaurant holding Taro's hand tightly.

You have run out of the restaurant and turn left on the main street. In addition to the two men you saw earlier, there is also a third one not far away.

I stop in my tracks and look for another escape route with Taro's help.

I see a small alley next to us and we run there. On the other side there is another small street full of small shops, and you think you can get lost in it.

We carefully walk hand in hand among the people and I decide to go into the most crowded store there is to camouflage ourselves.

You enter the store and find yourself in a maze of small aisles between shelves packed with various kinds of food.

I lead Taro to a corner while trying to catch my breath. We are suddenly faced with a very tall shelf. You crouch down to look at the goods displayed on it.

You say "Taro ... Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'm fine."

"I'm sorry."

"For what?"

"For getting us into this."

Taro puts his hand on the shelf in front of you and pulls down a box.

You say "I told you that I had some very strange days ... For some reason they do not leave me alone"

"This has been really weird, but not really scary. I mean, I'm not feeling scared right now. Still, this has been really weird"

You say "I should have told you at home but I thought that after giving them what they wanted they would leave me alone ..."

"There is no such thing, it seems. However, now we are in a pretty strange situation, but I think we can get out of it."

"Yeah, if get lucky."

I take Taro's hand and look firmly into his eyes.

"I'm here with you, Taro. We are not going to get scared."

We sit quietly for a few minutes. Then, you carefully stand up.

You say "We have to go home carefully, we don't know if they are out there or waiting at the door of the apartment ..."

You leave the corner and carefully head towards the door of the store. You sneak a peek over your shoulder and when nothing seems to be following you, you walk out of the shop and quickly get into the alley.

"We need to go quickly before it's too late."

You're walk home is now a race against time. Finally, you stand in front of your apartment.

You say "Taro stay here hidden, if something happens run away, I don't want anything to happen to you"

"I'm not leaving you alone here, we are in this together now"

You open the door and look carefully around the entrance. You see no one, and you go into the corridor. You put your hand on the wall and walk slowly towards the lift. You can still hear music coming from the party on the floor below yours.

You say "Ok ... Let's look for any signs that someone has entered here ..."

You look around and notice some footprints in the dust on the floor. They look like they were made by heavy boots and are about 90% covered by dust already.

You say "Someone has passed here and it was not us ..."

You notice a small torn piece of paper on the floor, you bend down and pick it up.

You can see that it is a letter, and it has been folded once.

There is no name written and you don't think it could be for you anyway, it is in a language you do not know.

You say "Taro ... Do you know what language this is?"

"No, I don't have a clue"

"I think it is in Swedish, or some sort of Scandinavian language"

You keep the letter and go to the kitchen to get a knife.

You open the door to the kitchen and notice that it is completely empty. What is more surprising is the fact that there is a broken window on the opposite side of the room.

You notice a knife on the counter, you go over to pick it up. As you do so, you notice a small piece of paper by the knife.

You pick up the paper and notice a number written on it. You turn it over and realize that it has been written on the other side.

The paper is a business card. It shows a name and an address on the front and back. The name on the front is "Chong Li" and on the back it shows the address of where you are right now.

It seems that someone had written something in pencil on the back.

You can only make out a few letters on the front side: "Unit 102."

You say "Taro ... Do you have any idea what this could be?"

"It is a card for the hotel room 102, but I don't know who would want to write there.

You say "Do they want me to go to this site?"

"Yes, they want you to come here, I think we need to go now!

You say "No, wait, I have to see how the rest of the house is, that they have not stolen anything"

You walk through the main room and check the other rooms carefully. You find everything in good order and nothing seems to have been taken or disturbed.

You relieved you sit on your bed with your hands on your head.

You look at Taro and notice that he seems quite relieved too.

You say "Before doing anything you deserve an explanation ..."

You see that Taro is quite nervous, in fact he seems like he is about to wet his pants.

You say "A few days ago I saved a man who was injured. That man turned out to be a Yakuza. He and his people wanted some photos of me and I gave them to them. But looking at the papers I doubt that this time they are the same people ..."

Taro listens and nods, he seems to know exactly what you mean.

You say "Because of me, you may be in danger ... Sorry ..."

Taro laughs and says: "Don't worry about me, I can take care of myself. You just need to go to the meeting point and don't worry about anything! "

You say "Taro? ... Do you know something that I don't know?"

"No, I don't know anything else!" Taro says, but you notice that he is lying.

You say "Okay ... I'll go but I'll go alone, I need you to watch my things and call the police ..."

"No, I can't do that." Taro protests.

"Yes, you have to! This is an ... "

"Please don't ask me to do that!"

You say "Taro ... If I don't come back all night I needed you to be here with the police and find me ..."

"Please, please don't do that to me, I can't go to the police for many reasons!

You say "What reasons?"

"Can't you trust me?!" Taro asks, almost in tears.

You take him by the hands with a smile. you don't trust him, but you have to make him believe that you do.

"Of course I trust you, Taro, but this is extremely important. If I don't come back, go to the police and tell them everything!"

"I can't do that!

You say "Please Taro ... I'll do whatever you want in return when I get back"

"Okay, okay, I'll do it!

You say "Thank you !!! Now it will be better if I go, do not forget that I am counting on you !!!"

"No, I won't forget!"

Taro smiles at you and shakes your hands. You laugh and give him a big kiss on the cheek before leaving.

I maintain my composure and smile until I leave the apartment, then pick up my pace until I run to a safe place to hide. I have no idea where to go, so I head to the park.

I enter a secluded part of the park and take out my phone.

You call Daisuke.

You call Daisuke, but he does not pick up. You call again and again, but he is not answering. You give up and thinking about what to do next.

You leave several messages and you wait.

You leave several messages on the voice mail of the gang and also send a Tweet to Daisuke.

You call him again, you will not stop until he answers.

You try again and again, leaving messages on the voice mail. Then you send several texts to him.

Ten minutes later you still don't have any news.

You say "And if they have done something to him? ..."

You begin to panic and walk around the park, looking for any trace of Daisuke. You think about going to the police, but you don't have any evidence.

The night is cold and lonely.

I decide to go to the hotel room despite knowing that it may be my death, but I fear that Daisuke is there in danger.

When I arrive at the hotel, I go directly to room 102, without thinking of anything else. I open the door with a key that Taro gave me and enter the room.

Daisuke is there, tied to a chair and gagged.

You are in shock and do not say anything immediately.



I put a hand to my knife hidden under my clothes and I see if there are people around the hotel. I have the impression that someone is looking at me from a neighboring room, but I do not interact with him.

Finally you speak.



You say "Did you want me here? Well, I'm here ... Get out of where you are!"

You remove the gag from his mouth.

"Hey, that's my line!" Daisuke says into it.

You say "There is nobody here?"

"Well, you see, the boss is here. I think he was waiting for you. He went to another room when he saw you enter. Then he came back here and trapped me.

You say "Your boss? Why would he do something like that to you? What have you done?"

"Done? Me? Nothing. But apparently, I've done something to him because he won't listen to me. Now he's going to kill me and it's all your fault.

"My fault? How is this my fault?"

"Well... you know... you..."

"Daisuke, just tell me what's going on, why would your boss do this?"

"It's a long story...

You say "Okay, you'll have time to tell me. Now let me remove your ties."

You take off his sleeves and remove his ropes.

"Thanks, now I'm ready to go," Daisuke says.

You say "Go where? It is dangerous !!!"

"Yeah, I know, I'm in no hurry. I just need some time to think," Daisuke says.

You say "Fuck ... I almost got killed a little while ago, you know? And now this ..."

"Yeah, I know. It's f..kin' hard for me too. But we'll get through it, gotta do it."

You say "Yes ... Ah, those people left me this letter in a language that I don't understand ..."

You give him the letter and he reads it.

"So they want me to help them," Daisuke says.

You say "Help them with what? To who? That so Chong Li?"

"Well, perhaps he is. I don't know. But what do I have to lose? I'm already going to hell anyway. might as well go down fighting.

You say "Are you crazy? Don't get into more trouble, they will kill you !!!"

"Exactly!" Daisuke laughs.

You slap him in the face very hard.

Daisuke falls down.

"Hey!" he says, rubbing his face.

You say "It's not funny !!! Risking your life like that for that mob ??? Why???"

"Funny? It's a tragedy ! But it's done, can't change it now. You want to come with me to the Tong's headquarters?"



You say "I'm not like you, I'm just a woman who came to Japan on vacation ... you know?"

Daisuke tries to get up, but he's hurt.

You help him stand up.

As you help him up, he grabs you wrist and forces you to look him in the eyes.

"Hey," he says, "if I didn't have you there, I would not have survived this long."

You say "That's true..."

"So, you coming with me, or what?

You say "Okay ... But don't even think about dying in front of me or I'll finish you off..."

"Fair enough. I won't."

As you walk along, you think about what you've gotten yourself into.

You try to stay strong but deep down you want to scream and run out of this nightmare.

Your heart beats fast, you feel nervous for the first time.

"You know," Daisuke says, "at this point I wouldn't blame you if you wanted to go home.

You say "They entered my apartment, and Taro started saying suspicious things, I left him at home but maybe he's been cheating on me too ..."

Daisuke sighs and stops walking.

"That's a shame," he says.

You say "I no longer know who is friend or enemy ..."

"Yeah, life can really fuck you up."

You nod your head.

You stop short and look Daisuke in the eye very seriously.

"But I'm ready to risk my life for you, Daisuke."

He stops and cups your chin in his hand.

"That's good to hear," he says.

You say "I can trust in you?"

"Of course."

He smiles and pulls you into a hug.

"C'mon," he says, "let's get to the Tong Headquarters before it's too late."

I nod and tell him along the way the details of everything that happened to me with Taro, in the restaurant and then until I find him at the hotel.

"I think I'm going to be sick," I say, "I'm really nervous right now."

"You'll be fine. We're almost there."

"Right," I say.

We reach the Tong's headquarters, a rather humble looking building in an undesirable neighborhood. Daisuke stops at the entrance.

"Stay here," he says. "If things go wrong, run for it, and head to the nearest cabstand. I'll find you."

"Right," I say, "see you later."

You say "Daisuke !!!"

Daisuke turns and opens his mouth to speak, but instead he just nods.

You give him a quick kiss, hesitantly at first then more demanding. He returns the hug for a while, and then pulls back.

"Well, I have to go. Be careful, okay?"

"I will, thanks."

He turns and leaves.

You hide near the building and wait for ten minutes.

You sit on the ground, nervous as hell. After ten minutes, you decide to get your arse in gear and go see what's going on.

You walk up to the front door and look around.

You look for a way to get in by scaling the walls.

You walk around the building, trying to find a ledge or window you could climb up. It's not very high, but it's fairly new so you don't see any holes for you to stick your hand through.

You're about to give up, when you notice that the wall is actually curved a little bit. You walk around it, finding a small gap where you could probably get through if you stretched your arm.

You take a run up and jump as far as you can, landing awkwardly on your stomach. You pull your knees up to your chest and push with your legs, slowly but surely making it through the small gap. You pull your legs back through, then your torso, then your arms. It's not the most graceful entrance in the world, but you're in.

You with great care you go through the garden in search of a safe door to enter the building.

You look around the side of the mansion to see a large, lush garden. There are several wooden doors on the left, and a single wooden door on the right. The wooden door is significantly larger than all the others, and has a broken window on the top half of the door. You need a way to get inside, but the glass from the window will definitely make too much noise.

Suddenly, you remember the tree house you spent the afternoon in when your friends came to visit a few weeks ago. You convince yourself that it's the same one, and make your way towards it.

It took a couple of tries, but you managed to get there entirely undetected. You figured they would've fixed the window by now, but at least you got a good look at the layout of the inside of the mansion. You're sure it won't be long before the Tong find their way there.

You grab the window frame, and pull yourself up. You're in the heart of the house now, and there's no easy way back down.

You stealthily look for some clues that will lead you to where Daisuke is now.

You walk slowly, trying to be as quiet as possible. You walk past countless rooms filled with expensive-looking furniture and ornaments. You're sure you've passed enough to prove that you didn't come to the wrong place, but you're still having a hard time believing you have the guts to actually do this.

Suddenly, you hear the sound of a television from one of the rooms. It's too early for the new episode of whatever reality show is on, but you're not sure what else it could be.

You take advantage of the fact that they are busy to look for Daisuke.

You walk into the room, staying back in the shadows. You're greeted by a room filled with mannequins and fashion outfits. You spot a mannequin in a black leather outfit. That has to be the leader of this group, or invited guest at the very least.

You see the man sit down in a large chair. There's another man, who is younger than the leader, and probably no older than his late twenties.

You have to keep looking for Daisuke.

"So wait, you got any of the Blue Dream?" the younger man asks.

"I might have some. I'm not sure," the leader says. "Why? Does this kinda stuff get to you?"

"You could say that," he says, sighing.

"Do you know how much this stuff goes for on the streets?" the leader asks. "I'd hate to sell it to you for..."

"Five thousand dollars should do it," the young man says.

"Five thousand dollars?" the leader says. "You must be some sort of idiot. Do you really want to pay that much for a small vial of Blue Dream? You could get high for free from that asshole Frank."

"Frank's a junkie, who wants to get his hands on our stash," the young man says. "

I'm not interested in his talk about drugs so I keep looking for Daisuke at the headquarters.

You keep looking for the leader, and you eventually find him in the room with the blow-up mannequins. You notice a small bloody footprint on the floor near his feet.

You i'm looking for where that blood comes from, scared.

The leader looks down at the bloody footprint, and kneels down to have a closer look at it.

"Yes... yes, it's him," he says. That's when you notice a long, sharp blade just out of sight on the floor. You look back at the leader, who is reaching under his jacket.

You step back as the man stands up and pulls out a small gun.

"Don't move," he says.

You're about to scream for help, but remember that you'll be shot on the spot.

You say "Shit he saw me ..."

You whisper, as you notice that the leader is looking right at you.

"Yes, I did," the leader says, pulling the trigger.

You jump onto one of the furniture to cover yourself behind him.

You jump and hide behind the large desk.

"What the..." he says, looking confused. You hear a muffled sound as the bullet passes by your head.

You say "Do not shoot !!! We can talk, right? Or that you don't know how to do?"

You have little experience with guns. You know that each shot can be fatal, so you act quickly.

He looks confused for a second, and you're sure you've gotten through to him.

You say "I just want answers !!! I shouldn't have entered your house like that but there was no way to get in ..."

"Aah" he says, and realizes who you are. "You're that little girl !"

"Yeah, I'm that little girl," you nod back.

You say "You attacked me in the restaurant, right? And you've been to my house, right?"

"Aah, yes" he says. "Actually, apologies for that."

"Apologies?" you say. "That's good to hear"

You say "Let's start at the beginning, my name is Rose, what is your name?"

He looks at you, as if trying to see what's behind you, or who you really are.

"What do you want?" he asks. "I'm not talking.

You say "Okay, I'll call you Lord ... What I want is to know why you did that to me. I'm just a tourist, you know? I have nothing to do with Yakuza or anything like that ..."

"Yeah, yeah, yeah" he says. "I know you're just a tourist. But you still saw me murder someone, right?"

You say "Me? No way !!! It is true that they killed a guy but I was not there!"

"Well, then you must be related to the guy," he says.

"That's crazy!"

"Yeah, I know it is," he shrugs.

You say "Look ... All I know is that I had some photos that a lot of people wanted, and I gave them the photos. I don't have copies and I don't even know what photos they were, okay?"

"Why did you have them?"

"I wanted to take some pictures of the skyscapes here, because I like this city. That's all.

You say "I tell you the truth, I'm just a tourist ..."

"Yeah, yeah," he says, rolling his eyes. "I know you are."

"What do you want?"

"I want to make a deal."

"A deal? What kind of deal?"

"You tell me everything you know about the guy who killed my friend, and I'll let you go."

You're quiet to think about everything.

You say "I don't know anything ... just that he's Yakuza and that he probably doesn't like me very much ..."

"What's his name?"

You look at him, disgusted.

You say "I do not know. If I knew I would have sought him out to kick him in the balls, at least !!!"

"You must know something."

You say "I wish I knew something of that type that is complicating my life"

"Fuck you," he says, his eyes darkening. "You take me for a fucking idiot? I know you got something to do with this. What game are you playing?

You say "I don't play anything, I just want to survive."

"Bullshit," he says. "You're not just some dumb tourist, and you're not just visiting. You came here before, and that time was not a coincidence. So tell me what you know.

You say "But how insistent you are ... By the way, do you know Taro?"

"Taro? Yeah, I know a Taro. Nice guy. Why?

You say "About him having cancer and dying ... Was it another lie?"

"No, it was the truth. He just lied to you about the time he died of it. That was pretty sad.

You say "So it was true ... He's still one of yours, right?"

"Yes, he is still under contract. He is soon going to die anyway. What's it to you?

You say "I thought we could be friends, now that I know he's used me, he's just a manipulator"

He looks at you, smiling.

You say "Where is the person who entered here before me?"

"I thought you already knew. He's at the door to this room. You can let yourself out."

Without taking an eye from the leader, I go where he tells me to go. Inside, there's a door with a number BIG enough to cover the door's surface. I press the button and wait. Before opening the door, I turn my head to the side and see the leader still standing there, watching me.

I open the door and step aside. Inside the room, there's a chair and in that chair, chatting with someone on his cellphone, is the guy who entered this place before me. When he looks up and sees me, he drops the cellphone.

I run into his arms, I try to breathe, anxiety is about to win me. But then, I think that he might be dangerous, and I start struggling to get out of his arms. Eventually, he lets me go, and says: "Whoa there, it's me."

You say "Daisuke ... I saw blood, I feared the worst ... Are you okay?"

"I'm fine," he says. "What the hell happened to you?

You say "It takes so long to get out of this place so I entered without being seen. But that man who looks like the leader saw me after all ..."

"Really?" he says. "And how did you get past him?

You say "He let myself in here ..."

"Sheesh, that was dumb," he says. "But don't worry about him, I took care of it."

"What do you mean? He's dangerous."

"The guy you saw as a tall and ugly? He's the leader of the gang that runs this place"

You say "I imagined it, and he's very interested in the other yakuza ..."

Daisuke holds your hands and looks into your eyes, searching for answers in your eyes.

You say "Tell me what's going on. Have you joined these people now? Is that why your boss tied you up?"

He laughs, but there is nothing happy about this laugh. It's a dark laugh, a laugh that scares you a little.

"No, no, nothing like that," he says. "I'm not their follower or anything like that. See, I'm doing this because I want to".

You say "But ... Are you crazy? If they discover you, lose fingers it will be your least concern ..."

Again that dark laugh. "That's just the nature of the game. You have to be smart if you want to survive in this business", he says, with another searching look into your eyes.

You say "So this is your life, putting yourself in danger day after day with yakuza of all kinds ..."

With a nod, he says: "But that is not why you are here, is it?"

The question hangs between you for a second, before you can reply.

"Oh, no!"

You say "I'm here because I was afraid that they would kill you ... I know there is little I can do but still I couldn't sit idly by ..."

Daisuke grins, but this time it is genuine: "That's my girl!" he says, squeezing your hand.

You say "I told you, didn't I? For you I could give my life ..."

"Yes", he says, serious now, "you can give your life for me".

Looking at you with eyes that seem to be filled with curiosity, a bit of fear and trust.

You say "I've made up my mind but you'll know when we're alone, away from this place"

He nods. "Okay", he says, "I trust you. Now, there is something I would like you to do".

"Yes?"

He grabs your hand, and kisses it.

"I want you to get me out of this place. I want you to get me out of here."

You say "I'll go talk to the leader ... If I don't get out of this, you know how I feel about you"

"I know"

Grinning back, you quickly leave the room. The next step is clear: To get Daisuke out of this place, you have to talk to the leader.

You look for the leader again to talk to him.

You find him in a small room, watching a table covered in food. Behind the table, a TV displays a grey and black screen with static. On the table, there are several food packages.

You say "Lord? Do not shoot !!! I just want to keep talking ..."

He turns slowly to you, and the table goes silent. His mean eyes stare at you coldly. He grabs a gun from under his jacket, and points it at your head.

"Talk"

You say "I want to thank you for not hurting my friend ..."

Without bothering to reply, he continues to aim his gun at you.

You say "Are you really going to just kill me? I'm not Japanese, even for you it will bring bureaucratic problems with my country if a citizen dies while doing tourism in Japan, don't you think?"

He seems to think about it, then replies "You're right, that would bring trouble. Thanks for the information". He lowers the gun, and you breathe sigh of relief.

You say "I really just want to talk, I know very well that you are much more powerful than me ..."

"Yeah, yeah, you want to do some business. I don't have time for it."

Looking at him with wide eyes, you try to make him understand the situation.

You say "Just tell me what you plan to do with my friend?"

He continues to look at you, then he sighs, lowers his gun and talks to you "Fine. You want to save that... bastard, huh? Tell me, how much do you want to make him live?"

"What?" you ask in disbelief.

"I want to hear you say it."

"What? I don't understand."

"Money. I need money to make a deal. How much you want?

You say "I'm just a tourist, I don't have a lot of money, but I'll give you everything if it saves his life"

He laughs bitterly "Oh yeah, sure you will"

"I swear!"

He doesn't seem to believe you, so you pull out your wallet and take out all the money you have: 72 dollars.

He stares at the money in disbelief, as if he can't believe that you actually have that much money.

You say "I have more in the bank. I give everything to you but leave my friend free ..."

He laughs again, then replies "Nice try, but I am not a fucking fool. This is all you've got?

You say "I don't have any more money, I'm not rich ... If it's not enough in exchange for his life and freedom ... Tell me what you want"

"Hmmm... Tricky. I want something I can't get by just releasing your pal. Something only you can give me.

He walks up to you, and thrusts the gun into your face "

You say "What is it...?"

"Your first kiss".

You are speechless for a second, trying to understand what that means. He continues "You want to give it to me? You will save his life... But only if you want to."

You say "Set him free and I'll be yours ..."

You lean forward, and touch his face with your own. Your lips touch his as you pull your head back a little bit shocked. He quickly grabs your head and forces his lips onto yours. The kiss is not pleasant.

You say "Before release him ..."

You feel hands running through your hair, his other hand grabs your head. As he draws you into him, he forces his tongue into your mouth. You try to push him away, but he is much stronger than you. You feel sick. Angrily, you push him back and take a deep breath to ready yourself for a counter attack.

You say "First ... Free him !!!"

He laughs "Nice try!" and points the gun at you again.

You say "You seem to have forgotten the trouble killing me can give you ..."

He takes a step back, laughing. "Damn, I almost forgot! Yeah, I guess that can be an issue. However, your friend may have other problems instead"

You say "Don't be like that ... We could both have a good time, you just have to let go of my friend, I think it's a good deal ..."

"Is that right?"

He seems to think about it for a second. Then he looks at you and nods. "It's not like I have anything better to do, right?"

You say "Exactly ... Now relax, as soon as my friend leaves, you and I ... You know ..."

"We what?"

"You know".

He laughs again, and seems to consider your offer. Finally, he says "Okay, you got a deal. I'll let your friend go". He lets go of your head an points the gun at Daisuke instead.

You quickly let go of Daisuke who falls to the floor and gets up.

You say "Daisuke I have made a deal with the leader, you can go ..."

"Thank you!" he walks up to you, and hugs you. You are surprised how he suddenly embraces you as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

You say "Go ... and survive ... I hope to see you again"

"You will!"

He turns and leaves. You walk up to the leader who looks at you with a smile.

You say "Thank you for releasing him. I'll keep my end of the deal."

"Of course, that's why I made it in the first place!"

He takes a step back, and you take a deep breath. "Let's get out of here".

I accompany the leader to his private room, horrified at what this guy was planning to do to me. After closing the doors, watched by two guards, I tremble, unable to look at the leader.

He grabs my head and brings it close to his. "Beautiful, right? I have so many plans for it." he whispers in my ear before releasing me and taking a seat.

You say "I'm ... Looking forward to seeing you naked ... Will you give me that pleasure ...?"

He smiles and gets closer to you. "Beautiful, I will satisfy you." he assures you as his hand touches your leg.

He grabs your hand and puts it on his chest.

I push him away and get on my knees. Although I hesitate for a few seconds, I take a deep breath and take out his penis to lick it. It doesn't take too long before he grabs my head and forces me to take all of it in.

Despite the nausea I continue to pleasure him with my mouth. He grabs my hair and uses me as if I was a puppet, moving my head back and forth as fast as he can.

I feel his warm liquid being released inside my mouth as he lets go of my head.

I show him how I swallow everything, much to my regret, and I stand up to lay him on the bed, being me on top of him.

I look at his face, expecting him to approach me. He stares at me with disgust. "What are you waiting for? Fuck me!" he says while grabbing my arms and forcing me on top of him.

I kiss him playing with his tongue, I touch his member and I pretend I'm going to take off my clothes when I take out my knife and stick it in his heart without thinking. His eyes widen as his mouth opens, but he does not utter a sound.

Instead he grabs his chest and his eyes roll into the back of his head, and then he dies.

I have no time to waste so I pretend to moan with pleasure as I look for a way out the window. I jump out and fall, hitting the dirt hard. I stand up and continue running. I run for about a minute before I hear footsteps behind me.

I reach for my phone in an attempt to call Daisuke while running away from the man following me. I find my phone and call Daisuke who does not pick up. I panic and run faster, but there is a net behind me and it is closing in.

I don't stop running no matter where, the adrenaline helps me not to stop. I have to get to the taxi rank. I see it and I know I can lose the man chasing me in there.

I run towards the taxi rank as fast as I can. I see a cab and jump in the middle of it, slamming the door. I take out my knife and make a move against the driver. He grabs my wrist while yelling at me in Japanese.

You say "To the airport, fast !!!"

The man yells at me to calm down, but I can't. He takes a look at the knife in his face and realizes he is in danger.

"To the airport, fast !" I yell at him, and he begins to understand me.

The taxi starts moving as the man tries to get me out of the taxi. It is too late, we are already driving on the road and the man's body cannot follow the car.

You say "So sorry. I don't want to hurt you, it's just that those people wanted to kill me ..."

The taxi stops and you proceed to the airport fast, while the man runs behind his car. Once reaching the airport entrance, you get out and run towards the taxi rank, your hand in your pocket.

You head to the public baths hiding both the knife and the blood as best you can.

You run to the public baths, and as you enter the place, you are happy to see that it is almost empty.

I wash the clothes and the knife as best I can, then I sit in the toilet stall, my whole body shakes. I call Daisuke. He answers his phone and I burst into tears.

"What happened?" he asks me

You say "I need ... Help ... Daisuke ... I'm at the airport ... Come ... Please ..."

Daisuke's voice is panicked as he asks me if I am alright. Then he tells me he is on his way and hangs up, leaving you in a panic.

I am unable to get out of the toilet stall, I just wait there for Daisuke. Three men walk into the public baths, they look around and leave a few minutes later. Finally, Daisuke comes. He enters the toilet and sits next to me without saying anything.

You say "I made it ... You fled safe and sound ..."

He hugs you tightly and you hold him tight in return. Then you tell him what happened. He listens to you while shaking his head.

"Fuck, that's bad. Those assholes. I'll go find them, I'll sort them out, they are not going to get away with this.

You say "No ... Please just take me with you ... to your house ..."

"To my house?" he ask you, surprised. You nod.

"But why?

You say "They know where I live. I have nowhere to go. And if the police find me and find out what happened, I'm dead ... Only you can help me ..."

He holds you hands.

"Say no more, I'll help you, now come on. Let's go."

He takes your hand and leads you outside the public baths.

The road was long and silent, but Daisuke led me to his house, a huge traditional mansion clearly Yakuza. He doesn't live alone, but nobody asked anything. Daisuke led me to his bedroom and I stared at the floor hugging myself. He sat on the edge of the bed and asked me if I was alright.

I can't help but look up at him. My eyes meet his and my knees week.

I feel the anxiety finally released, I can't breathe and my tears fall without stopping. My legs fail me and I fall to the ground.

Daisuke kneels on the ground in front of me, he holds my hands and doesn't say anything. I look into his eyes and feel my fear subside a bit. I am able to take in a breath and I can feel my tears slowing.

I look into his eyes and see a man I can trust. My tears subside and my breathing normalizes. Then his lips are on mine. It is a gentle kiss, full of trust and understanding.

In spite of everything, the memory of what happened with that man comes to my mind which causes me to turn my face away from Daisuke's, uncomfortable. Daisuke holds my face and gently turns it to his. Our lips meet once more, only this time there is no fear.

I kiss him back, not because I want to, but because I trust him.

You say "Daisuke ... There's something I haven't told you ..."

"You can tell me anything." He says.

You say "To set you free, I made a deal with the leader ... I gave him oral sex before ... I killed him ..."

Predictably, once he hears this, you feel disgusted and ashamed. His eyes widen and his face turns red. He gets up and picks up his coat, hanging it over the back of a chair.

You say "It's okay if you hate me ..."

"I don't hate you." He says looking at his feet.

"Daisuke, look at me." You say.

He raises his eyes to meet yours.

You say "I told you ... For you I would be capable of anything ..."

He wraps his arms around you and holds you tight. He doesn't speak, but just holds you for a moment. Then he releases you and heads to the door.

You say "There is no turning back ... Teach me to be like you, a yakuza"

He turns around and stares at you for a few moments, his face is expressionless.

"Yeah, I can do that."

You say "Thank you..."

"No, thank you." He responds.

"For what?"

"For this."

He reaches his arm back and gently grabs your hand. He pulls you to your feet and the pair of you embrace. The warmth of his body will keep you feeling dry from now on. He steps back and gives you the finger. You put your fingers to your lips and give him a kiss.

You say "Can I ... take a bath? I need it a lot"

"Yeah sure, I'll run you one once I've put the water to boil."

You say "Thank you. I still notice the blood on my body, and the sweat and smell of that son of a bitch ..."

"You're welcome."

Seeing his happy expression, you feel a bit better. He goes to turn the gas on and you take off your bloody clothes and step into the bath. You sit there and let the hot water run over you, cleaning off the sweat, dirt, and blood. It feels good and your mood is lifted. Slowly, the water begins to cool.

You say "Daisuke ... Will you help me?"

He turns and smiles at you, then nods.

He sits on the edge of the tub and reaches for a bar of soap. He begins to lather up as you continue to wash yourself.

You say "How about you join? So I help you clean yourself too"

"Yeah, sure." He responds.

You turn and face him, wrapping your arms around him as you hug him from behind. He leans back and wraps his arms around your legs, hugging you in return.

You say "I'm sorry..."

"For what?"

"For everything."

"Why?"

"I never told you how I really feel about you."

He strokes your hair for a moment.

You say "I'm in love with you ... I'm sorry ..."

He turns and wraps his arms around you, holding you close for a moment.

"Really?"

"Yes, really."

His face is so happy as he tilts it down for a kiss.

You say "And you? ... What do you feel for me?"

He leans in and kisses you.

"I love you too."

The two of you stay like that for a moment, just enjoying the closeness.

You say "What kind of relationship do you want us to have?"

He moves away and looks at you for a moment.

"What do you want?"

You smile at him and kiss him.

You say "I would like us to be a couple, a closed relationship, just you and me ... Is that possible?"

"Yeah, it's possible."

You put your hands around his body to pull him closer. You want him as close as possible.

"I want us to be a couple."

He nods and smiles.

You say "So ... are you my boyfriend now?"

"Yeah, I'm your new boyfriend."

He grabs the bar of soap and stands, holding it out to you.

"So ... now it's your turn to help me."

You smile much calmer and begin to soap his back, first with your hands, then noticing your breasts against his back.

He takes the soap and slowly wash your back, kissing you on the napes of your neck. His hands move from your shoulders and down your arms, his soapy hands running over bare skin.

You kiss his back as he turns you around to wash your front. As he washes your front, your hands run over his chest and down his sides, your fingers tracing the outline of his muscles.

Your bodies touch as his hands move over your front and down your legs, soaping up your thighs, knees, and calves.

He smiles and holds you out at arms length.

"I want to make love to you."

You nod, as he eyes you up and down, smiling.

"However, I don't want you to be upset about it."

You nod.

"I want you to be excited too."

His hand moves up your leg, soaping it up.

"I want you to feel like your body is your own again. That I'm only taking things that are mine."

His hand moves up your inner thigh, as his other hand holds you at arms length again.

"That however, your body is only for me, to do with what I want."

His fingers move up your inner thigh, as his face moves into the crook of your neck and shoulder. You feel his hot breath on your skin causing the hairs on the back of your neck to stand up.

You your hands caress his back, the left hand goes up holding his hair between your fingers, the right hand goes down to his buttocks, pressing hard. A slight moan leaves your mouth as your breath shakes slowly.

He smiles and bends down, kissing you as his hands move up under your top, moving towards your breasts. You moan into him as he smiles, before pushing you back and turning you around.

"I want you to sit down."

You nod slowly, as he runs the soapy water and washes your back.

"Don't move." He whispers into your ear as he begins to stand up, grabbing the bar of soap and moving around behind you.

You close your eyes and breathe slowly, the feeling of his hands on your bare skin making you feel more calm than you have in a very long time.

You feel his hands on your shoulders, moving down your arms. You shiver as he soaps up and down your arms, causing tingles to run through your body. The bar of soap is moved to your hair and he washes your hair slowly, as you moan softly.

"Mm, you like that don't you?" He says into your ear as he washes your hair.

You breath slowly, before nodding slowly.

"More."

He smiles, and holds you out at arms length.

"More what?"

You smile as you lean back against him, as his hands move down to your legs.

"Please..."

He smiles and soaps up your legs, as you moan into his shoulder.

"More..."

He moves his hands up your thighs, as you breath slowly. His hands trace up your legs, and slowly upwards, running over your stomach as he soaps you up. He is careful not to touch your breasts, and you breathe slowly, enjoying the feeling.

"Please..."

He smiles, before turning you around and soaping up his hands. He begins to massage your lower back slowly, as you moan into his shoulder.

"Yes, just like that..."

He moves his hands up to your shoulders as he begins to massage your upper back, moving to your neck and pushing your hair out of the way.

"Oh, that feels so good..."

You slowly move your hand down his firm abdomen, before moving around to the front of him and soaping up your hands.

"Can I..."

"Yes?"

"Can I please..."

He smiles as you slowly move forward, your hands moving around to the front of him.

"Please what?"

He doesn't reply, as you slowly move your hands up his chest and trace the outline of his lips with one of your hands.

"I want to kiss you."

He smiles as he moves his head down, kissing you briefly on the lips.

You your right hand caresses his entire body until it reaches his penis, massaging it from top to bottom. While your left hand plays with your own chest. Your body wiggles as you breathe sharply between his lips.

You push him away, as he stares into your eyes. He leans against the wall, staring into your eyes as you move forward, your hands on his chest, then sliding down to grasp his ass with both hands. Your lips move towards his, as you push your tongue into his mouth. You kiss him passionately for a few seconds, before he gently pushes you away.

"Later." He smiles.

You say "Don't leave me like this ... I'm very wet ..."

He stares at you, his eyes glazed over.

"Don't leave me like this..." You repeat, as he stares at you.

You say "Don't you want to do it with me ...?"

"Yes." He says, as he licks his lips.

You pull him towards you, kissing him passionately.

For a few seconds, you kiss him excitedly.

My breasts rub against his pecs as my leg rises to surround him and feel his manhood against my vagina.

"Yes..." You moan into his mouth.

He moves his hands around to your ass, lifting you as your legs wrap around him. You moan as he walks to his room and laying you down on his bed.

You kiss passionately for him, wrapping your body around his. Your hands grasp his head, holding him as he grabs your ass tightly. Your tongues twist around each other as you kiss passionately.

You say "Make love to me ... I'm all yours ..."

He smiles, gently pushing you away.

"Do you really want that?" He says, as you nod your head rapidly.

"Good." He smirks.

He walks into the bathroom, returning with a condom which he puts on, before climbing into bed next to you. You kiss him as his hands grope and squeeze your ass.

I open myself completely for him touching my clitoris while licking one of the fingers of my free hand. I moan loudly, as he pushes his finger into my wet vagina.

He begins to thrust his pelvis against mine, penetrating me slowly, as our tongues twist together.

"Ah, yes ... fuck, yes." I moan.

His fingers press up against my clitoris, as he begins to thrust harder and faster with his member.

"Fuck, yeah, like that..." I moan loudly.

My lips are wrapped around his neck as I begin to suck and nibble on his skin. His hands move from your ass, to your breasts, squeezing and groping them.

"Ohh, shit, you're so sexy..." He pants.

"Fuck, take me, make me yours." I say, feeling my vagina tightening.

"Oh, fuck, I'm gonna..." Daisuke pants.

Daisuke's body begins to convulse as he groans loudly, filling the condom with his seeds. You feel the warm liquid inside the condom, as his body relaxes.

You say "More ... I haven't come yet ..."

"More?" He says, as you nod your head rapidly.

"More!" You groan loudly.

He begins thrusting into you quite roughly, as you moan in pleasure.

"Yes!" You moan. "Yes! Fuck me! ... Oh, shit! Take it!"

"Fuck, you're so fucking wet..." He pants.

He begins to thrust into you more gently, as your body continues to convulse.

"Oh, shit!" You moan loudly, as I feel my vagina tighten.

"Come for me..." Daisuke pants.

The pressure and warmth begins to fill me up, as my body begins to shudder.

"Come for me, baby..." He whispers.

He continues thrusting into you as your vagina begins to pulsate. You moan loudly, feeling your vagina tightening around his member.

"Fuck, yeah..." Daisuke pants.

You gasp loudly, as the feeling spreads all through your body. Your vision begins to darken, as the warmth flows through you.

"Fuuuuck!" You moan loudly, as the feeling grows stronger.

"Come for me..." Daisuke pants roughly.

I hold on as my body begins to shudder from the feeling of ecstasy. I moan loudly, as my body grows weak.

"Fuck, that's good..." Daisuke says, as he continues thrusting into you.

I collapse onto the bed, my vagina still pulsating from my climax. Daisuke fall on top of me, your body covered in a thin sheen of sweat.

I hug him tightly as I try to catch my breath. A few minutes later I covered his entire body with warm kisses.

"That was... Wow..." You pant.

"Wow, indeed. I think it's the best I have ever had." He says, as he looks down at you with a serious expression on his face.

I stare into his eyes as I caress his face. He leans down and captures my lips with his, his tongue forcing its way into my mouth. Our bodies fuse together as we grind against each other. I can feel his member getting hard again, as you grind your pussy against his dick.

"Uuuh, yeah... Do that again." You moan.

He chuckles, then kisses along your jaw to your ear.

"You're a wild one, aren't you?" He whispers, as his hot breath flows down your neck.

You say "You turned me into this ..."

"I turned you into this."

He shrugs, then laughs.

"Well, I see no reason not to enjoy my gifts."

"You're a cruel man." You say.

He chuckles.

I take off the used condom and head to the bathroom to throw it away, then drink some water and throw myself on top of him playing with his penis. Then I put it in my mouth, and suck.

"You know, if you keep sucking on that thing, you're gonna make me come with my dick inside your pretty little mouth again." He says.

I smiled without removing his virile member from my mouth, playing with my tongue up and down, playfully licking with its tip.

"Fuck, you're a bitch." He groans.

He puts his hands into my hair and pulls it down, before suddenly pushing down on my head as his dick explodes into your mouth.

I swallow all the cum and show it to him slowly, licking my lips.

"You made me come, now stop doing that."

"I love the sight of your pretty dick."

He laughs, and you grin.

I sit on the bed and look at him with a huge smile.

"What's wrong?" He asks, concerned.

"I'm happy." You say simply.

"Good. You looked happy." He smiles back.

"I was happy." You say with a bigger smile.

"You still are."

"I love you. That's why I'm happy."

Daisuke raises an eyebrow, and smiles.

"I love you too, Rose"

I hug him lying on the bed, naked.

"We should probably get dressed now."

"It's fine, we can stay like this if you want." He says.

"I'd like to keep you forever." You reply.

"Forever and always, my dear."

I lift my face to meet his eyes thoughtfully.

"Do you remember when we first met?"

"Of course.

You say "I saw you bleeding, no one was helping you, so I decided to do it myself ... I never imagined that you were a yakuza, even less that you took away my virginity ... And I would end up falling in love with you that way despite all the problems ..."

"I know, that was pretty crazy..."

Your hair is a mess, you're sweating and your face displays a nervous expression. He takes your hand and kisses it, then your neck.

You say "I do not regret having helped you that day ..."

"I know. Thanks to you, I'm still here. And that's why I could not have avoided loving you."

You look into his eyes with much anguish and pain, but also with much love and affection.

You say "I love you my love"

"I love you too, Rose."

For a moment you're silent as you are not sure what to say, after a while you start to laugh.

"Why are you laughing?" He asks.

"I'm laughing at myself, I should've realized years ago that you were the one for me, but I was too stupid to realize it. I had to be fucked up to realize it, and I guess in some ways I am."

"You're not stupid, you're a bit ... young, but you're not stupid."

You lie in bed yawning widely.

"I'm tired..."

"Come on, you're not tired, let's have fun tonight."

He kisses you on the forehead and turns off the light.

You say "Do you want more? ... I'm delighted ..."

"Of course. I want to be inside you."

That night was magical. A night full of passion, sex, lust, and love. You have so much affection for this man who is so caring and gentle with you. You would definitely marry him if you could, and live happily ever after with him.

But those rash thoughts would have to wait. You weren't in any rush to get married, you had your whole life ahead of you. You had so much that you wanted to experience first.

Several years later, together with Daisuke, I managed to pass several tests as a new member of his Yakuza group, it was not easy, but with his confidence and support, I was able to do it, and today I'm an official member of the Yakuza, working as a bartender at one of the bars under his control in the underworld of Metro City.

And despite all the bad things I had to do to get where I am now, I have no regrets. Living in Japan was always my dream, and besides, doing it in the company of the man I love is even better.

The future is looking bright for the likes of us.

That night I served Daisuke my best cocktail in our bedroom. I was sweating every drop as I made the drink, but it was worth it, he was very pleased with it as usual.

"Thank you." He smiled.

You say "Always a pleasure to create new cocktails for you, my dear"

"Always a pleasure to receive a new cocktail from you as well, my dear."

He smiles at you, as he puts his hand on yours and kisses it.

You say "Daisuke ... Thanks for everything, I owe you my life"

He looks at you for a few seconds, and then he kisses your hand too.

"You owe me nothing, my love. I'm just happy you're here with me."

I drink the cocktail in one gulp, and after coughing slightly, I sit on his lap, hugging him seductively. He starts caressing my back and my hair, looking at me with an intense gaze, like he is trying to read my mind.

You say "I will always be yours ... I love you"

"I know ... and I will always be yours."

The end.