You wait at Andy’s front door, wondering why you’re there. The phone call had been cryptic, to say the least. All you know is that your buddy needs you for some kind of favor. You protested that it was late, but he said it would be worth your while, so now here you are.

He opens the door, looking nervous. “Hey man, thanks for coming.”

“No problem,” you reply, stepping inside. “Happy to help out.”

“Um, yeah, thanks for coming,” he says, forgetting that he’s thanked you already. He seems very distracted.

“You okay?” you ask, suddenly concerned for your friend. “Is something wrong?”

“Nah, nothing like that,” he reassures you as you make your way down to the living room. “Want a beer?”

“Sure,” you reply, crashing on the couch.

Andy returns with two beers and you clink them together. “Cheers.”

“Cheers.”

“So where’s Nicki tonight?” you ask in what you hope is an off-hand manner. One of the reasons you agreed to come out at this late hour was the chance of seeing her. You really like Andy’s wife. Really, really, like her.

Andy coughs. “Uh, she’s here. In the shower at the moment.”

“Uh huh,” you reply casually, picturing her naked and wet, wishing you could be her loofah.

“She’s kind of why I asked you here,” he continues, avoiding your gaze for some reason. “We need something. I just hope, uh, that it isn’t going to be too much to ask…”

You sigh. “We’re moving fucking furniture again, aren’t we? You know, it’s a lot easier if she empties her crap out of it first — you’ve told her that, right?”

Andy takes a big swig of beer. “Nah, it’s nothing like that. Look, if I tell you something, will you keep it a secret?”

“Sure,” you agree, intrigued.

“Okay. Look, this is hard for me to say, but I trust you, okay? I trust you.” He pauses, then continues. “I can trust you, right?”

“Duuude,” you reply, your tone implying that he is silly to ask.

That seems to satisfy him. “Okay. The thing is… uh… you probably won’t believe this, but, I.. uh… I’m not that great in bed, to be honest.”

You were about to take another swig of beer, but you freeze, the bottle half lifted to your face. “Er… what?”

“I’m shit in bed, man. Can’t keep it up,” he continues, staring at the floor.

“You can’t keep it up? With Nicki?” you say incredulously.

“Yeah. It’s getting bad. Everything else is great, but I just can’t satisfy her in bed. I think she’s going to leave me,” says Andy sadly.

Your heart goes out to him. “That sucks, man.”

“I dunno what the problem is,” he continues. She’s hot, right?“

You think, all things considered, that it’s safe to agree. “Yeah, she’s pretty hot.”

“I just don’t understand. Premature ejaculation — you could understand that, right? Because she’s so hot…”

“Yeah…”

“It was good at the start, but I just can’t get it up any more. She’s definitely going to leave me.”

Your heart bleeds for him. To have a wife as sexy as Nicki, and be unable to take advantage. It must really suck.

“Have you seen anyone about this?” you ask. “Perhaps if you saw a therapist, they could work out what’s going on with you…”

Andy shakes his head and comprehensively shuts you down. “I did that. I don’t want to talk about it.”

“Okay, well, there’s other things you can do to satisfy her. You know… like oral sex…”

He flinches. “Ugh, no thanks!”

You look at him disbelievingly. “Not even to save your marriage…”

“Ugh, no! I just… can’t!”

You’re taken aback at his unwillingness to go down on his lovely wife. You’ve always imagined her pussy to be quite lovely and tasting of strawberries. “You do like girls, right?”

“Of course I do!” he bristles, before draining the last of his beer. There’s a long silence.

“So, is that why I’m here? You need someone to talk to?” you ask tentatively.

“Nah dude. Nicki and I talked about it, and we thought that maybe we could make it work if I let her fuck someone else occasionally. She suggested you.”

Whoa. You didn’t see that one coming. He timed it just as you were taking another sip of your beer, and it goes down the wrong way. You choke for a good ten seconds, tears streaming down your face.

Andy waits patiently for you to recover.

“She suggested me?” you finally splutter.

“Yeah. Don’t ask me why,” he replies. “So, are you up for it?”

You look around. You can’t see any cameras, but they’re pretty small these days, so who can tell? You study Andy’s face, looking for some indication that this is all a joke, or worse, a trap. He appears sincere.

“You need this to save your marriage?” you ask warily.

“Yeah. Nicki needs a good lay. It’s been a long time for her,” he replies earnestly.

You pause for what you think is enough time to convince him that you’re actually reluctant, before cautiously agreeing. “Dude, I don’t want to see you two break up. So if I can help out, then sure. I’d do anything to help you out. You know that.”

He rolls his eyes. “I know you’ve always wanted to fuck my wife, so you can stop pretending!”

You grin, realizing how transparent you must be. “Yeah, but you know I’d never make a move on her, right?”

“I know. And just so we’re clear, she’s still mine. You’re just going to fuck her, okay?”

“Fine by me,” you agree. You’ve fantasized about Nicki a lot, but none of those fantasies involved picking out wallpaper patterns or having lunch with her parents.

“Let’s shake on it,” Andy proposes, reaching out his hand.

You shake, and the deal is done. “So when were you wanting me to… uh… do the deed?”

“How about now?” comes a voice from behind you. You spin in the couch to find Nicki standing in the doorway, her body wrapped to mid-thigh in a wet towel.

You look her in the eyes, trying to get a read on her expression. After a second she suffers a brief loss of confidence and diverts her gaze down, before visibly deciding “to hell with it” and straightening up proudly, looking right back at you with her hands on her hips.

“So, do you want some of this, or not?” 

You smile, knowing that your conversation with Andy has revealed the perfect way to break the ice. “Come here Nicki. I think I know exactly what you need!”

She enters the room and walks around the couch to stand in front of you, while you stay seated. “And what would that be?” she asks, excitement plainly visible on her face.

You reach forward and tug at the towel. Nicki makes no attempt to catch it as it unravels and drops to the floor at her feet. You can’t help but gasp slightly as you take your first look at her nude form, and your smile broadens into a stupid grin. Everything about her — her hips and thighs, her breasts, her belly and her smooth skin — all are as you dreamed and hoped. Amazingly you’ve skipped all the usual pleasantries in less than thirty seconds and suddenly found yourself at eye-level with Nicki’s sweet-looking pussy, shaved completely bald without a hint of stubble to be seen. This is going to be fun.

“Put your foot up on the couch,” you suggest, and she complies, revealing every intimate fold and crevice of that secret area between her legs. You shift position so that your face is mere inches from her snatch, and you take her by the hips, enjoying the feel of her soft, still-slightly-damp body under your palms. To your delight you discover that she does, in fact, smell of strawberries (but it’s most likely due to her shower gel, rather than her natural scent.)

The magic of the moment is broken by Andy. “You’ve shaved,” he says to her, sounding surprised.

“Mmm hmm,” replies Nicki. “I feel so naughty being bare down there. Do you like it?”

You lean in and kiss her bald mons pubis, delighting in the smooth feel against your lips. “Very sexy,” you say encouragingly.

“It doesn’t normally look like that,” protests Andy, but you just roll your eyes at him before burying your face between Nicki’s thighs.

You probe her with your tongue, slithering it up and down her slit and periodically lashing her stiffening clit. Almost immediately she starts to gently moan and sigh, gripping your head in her hands to pull you closer. As you tongue her, your hands roam around her hips and ass, gently squeezing and stroking the soft curves of that most-womanly of areas. Soon Nicki’s crotch is wet with spit and her own juices and you’re making some very sloppy-sounding noises down there.

“Oh yes, right there,” she sighs.

You double your efforts — sucking her nether lips into your mouth, then stiffening your tongue and fucking her hole, exploring her groove from end to end, but always remembering to come back to her clit. You can hear her breathing quicken and her unbent leg begins to shake. You dig your fingers into her asscheeks and make rapid circles around her clit, occasionally flicking it from side to side or sucking on it hard.

“Oh… oh… ohhhhh!” Nicki moans, and words cannot express how sexy she sounds while she’s doing it. Her leg wobbles more and she falls forward against you, held up by one hand on the back of the couch and her pussy on your face. “Oh… oh… oh my God!” she cries, surprised and delighted, and her whole body vibrates in your hands. She’s pushing your face into her cunt as hard as she can, and you give up on breathing for the moment, focussing on getting her over the line. You keep munching away all through her orgasm, until hypersensitivity strikes and her legs wobble out from underneath her. She collapses into your lap.

“Oh wow,” she pants. You glance over at Andy with a smug expression and raise your eyebrows, as if to say “that wasn’t so hard, was it?”

He’s looking back at you with a strange expression you can’t read. It can’t be easy watching your friend eating your wife’s pussy, after all.

“Is that what you needed, hon?” he eventually asks.

“It’s a good start,” Nicki replies. She’s become aware of your raging boner pressing against her bare ass and she’s reached down to grab it through your pants. “I still want this cock inside me!”

You can see that he’s looking conflicted. “You don’t have to watch,” you suggest helpfully.

He smiles ruefully. “Keep going. Give her what she needs.”

Nicki twists in your lap and gives you a deep kiss, most likely tasting herself on your lips. Then she pulls back and looks at you playfully. “Take me to bed!” she orders, climbing off your lap.

You get up, your massive erection plainly evident, and direct a parting shrug at Andy before following Nicki’s sexy ass as it sashays delightfully down the corridor. 

Nicki practically runs the last few feet to the bedroom, and you hurry to keep up with her. Once inside, she throws herself on the bed, then twists and shuffles to a seated position on the edge of the mattress, looking up at you with undisguised desire.

“Let me get this dick out,” she giggles. You stand between her parted knees, your bulge practically in her face, and she starts fumbling with your belt. You untuck your shirt and start rapidly undoing your buttons, finally tossing it to the floor just as your pants fall to your ankles. You try to extract your feet from your pants but your shoes get stuck.

Nicki reaches out and grasps your prick through your underpants, feeling the shape of your shaft and your balls in her palm. “My God, I’ve wanted to get my hands on this for soooo long!”

You almost reply that you’ve been thinking about her pussy for an equally long time, but decide against it, not wanting to make the conversation unnecessarily banal. Instead you continue trying unsuccessfully to shuffle your feet through your pant legs.

Nicki tugs your underpants down and your cock springs out. She gasps in delight and wraps her hand around the shaft, gently tugging you. “It’s wonderful. So much bigger than Andy’s!” she marvels. “I just hope I can take it!”

She leans in, and you think she might be about to take you into her mouth, but she deflects and kisses the underside instead. You cringe a little. Hey, it’s been a long day, and you had no idea it might end in a blowjob. Next time you’ll shower first.

Nicki looks up at you. “I don’t want any foreplay. I just want this beautiful cock inside me. And you don’t need to be gentle!”

Her words inflame your passions and you struggle frantically to free yourself from those infernal pants. Your shoes are still stuck but you manage to pull your feet out of them, finally kicking the tangled mess aside. Remembering that a naked man in socks is not a good look, you tug them off too, while Nicki settles back on the bed and spreads her legs wide. Then you throw yourself on top of her, your stiff prick sandwiched between your body and her bald mound.

There’s some frenzied rummaging around as you both attempt to grab your cock and guide it home. You feel your knob slithering up and down her wet groove, before settling at her entrance. She grips your ass tightly with both hands and pulls you in, and your cock sinks slowly and inexorably into her tight tunnel, which stretches and enfolds your cock, like the waves of the ocean submitting to the bow of a newly-Christened ship as it glides down the slipway. Editor’s note: Similes aren’t your forte, are they?

“Oh wow, it’s been so long since I’ve had a decent-sized cock inside me!” sighs Nicki.

There’s a cough from behind you and you twist back to see Andy standing in the open doorway. He can’t have enjoyed overhearing his wife besmirching his penis size.

“Does he have to be here?” you ask Nicki as you begin thrusting, feeling her pussy walls loosen up to accommodate the repeated incursion of your turgid invader.

“Let him stay,” she pants, “he might learn something.” Then she addresses her husband. “Andy, don’t just stand there like an idiot! Come and sit down if you’re staying!”

You shake your head in disbelief as your buddy comes over and sits on the edge of the bed, barely a foot away from where you’re fucking his wife. It’s a small comfort that he seems to be entranced with the rapturous expressions on her face, rather than your rapidly humping ass.

You decide to ignore him as best you can, staring into Nicki’s eyes and groping her tits as you fuck her, your ballsack slapping against the lower parts of her butt cheeks. Her hands roam over your back, scratching at you with her nails, but they keep returning to grab lustily at your ass.

“Oh Andy, he’s so big! It feels so fucking good,” moans Nicki.

You smile to yourself. You would never have described your cock as especially big, but Nicki is really tight, her pussy evidently untroubled by anything of decent size up to now.

“Fuck her harder,” suggests Andy.

“Hey, no offence, but I’d appreciate it if you could maybe keep quiet,” you grunt in reply. You feel like he’s crossing a boundary somehow.

“Sorry,” he grumbles.

You bury your face in Nicki’s neck, kissing and nibbling your way up to her ear, while she writhes around underneath you. Taking Andy’s advice you step up the force and frequency of your thrusting, pounding Nicki’s pussy like you’ve pounded no woman before.

“Uh, uh, uh,” she grunts and moans under the onslaught, her breath hot on your shoulder. “Fuck me, keep fucking me! Oh God, I can’t believe he’s actually fucking me!”

It’s wonderful to hear how much she’s been looking forward to this. It makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside.

“I want to see you cum,” Nicki pants. “I want to see you shoot all over me.”

You moan and draw on all your reserves of energy, your hips slapping hard against her as you enter the home straight.

“But let me cum first,” she begs.

You ease off. Fuck, all these instructions are getting confusing. You hope you can execute them in the correct order.

“Cum Nicki,” you whisper into her ear. “Cum now, so I can cum too. I’m gonna cover you in cum!”

Nicki gives out a little whimper, then her eyes widen and she lets out a tortured, orgasmic cry. Her body wriggles under yours and you feel her pussy walls twitching around your deeply-buried rod. You’ve managed to get her off purely from vaginal penetration, and probably in record time, too. Well done, you.

You keep fucking into Nicki all through her orgasm and for maybe thirty seconds after, while her limp body flops like a rag doll under you. Then a familiar feeling starts to wash over you and you force yourself to pull your cock out of her grasping cunt. You quickly get to your knees between her legs and take your cock in your hand, wanking it furiously while she stares at it with enraptured anticipation.

With an almighty groan you let loose. Your rapidly-pumping fist flings your milky seed at Nicki, spattering her stomach and heaving breasts. One thick glob lands at the base of her throat.

“Jesus,” mutters Andy, clambering off the bed to get clear.

You milk out the last drops and flick them downward onto her shaved mound. Nicki reaches down and runs her fingers through your semen, then moves on to gently rub her pussy with her gooey fingertips.

“Thank you. Thank you so much,” she whispers.

You look down at Nicki’s beautiful nude body, artfully decorated with the previous contents of your balls.

“Don’t mention it,” you reply.

Andy moves in and sits on the bed next to her, stroking her hair. You move aside awkwardly, then climb off the bed and busy yourself with trying to make sense of your inside-out pants and the shoes stuck inside.

“Was that what you wanted?” you hear him quietly ask her.

“Yes babe,” she replies. “Thank you so much for letting me do this.”

He leans over and kisses her, careful to avoid getting your cum on him, and she reciprocates with a passionate, tongue-twisting smooch that lasts for long enough for you to get dressed.

“So, I might get going…” you suggest awkwardly.

Andy looks back at you. “We’ll catch up soon, yeah?”

“Sure,” you reply.

He hesitates, then looks at Nicki. She nods.

“And, uh… we might do this again, if that’s okay by you,” he suggests.

You grin. “No problem. You know where to find me, buddy!”