You’ve been lonely lately. And horny. It’s a potent combination and it’s driven you to visit some websites that your mother most certainly wouldn’t approve of. Unfortunately, porn isn’t cutting it anymore. You need interaction. You need a real live girl to get you off. Someone who isn’t shy of taking your fantasies and running with them.

So you end up on the sex chat site Arousr and you’re browsing the girls there. There are several attractive candidates but you’re stingy with money, so you’re having trouble pulling the trigger.

And then you see her. This girl is the spitting image of Tina, a girl you’ve long admired but never dared approach. But it can’t be Tina, because she’s listed her name as “Krystal.”

Of course you’d prefer to get naughty with Tina herself, but this “Krystal” could be the next best thing. If you squint a bit you could pretend that it’s really Tina that you’re talking to. That would be really hot.

So you create an account with the user name “biggusdickus,” hand over your credit card details and your mobile number and wait for a text. It comes almost instantly.

“Hi want chat now? :)”

You can’t tell much from those four words but she sounds both intelligent and beguiling, so you respond in the affirmative and arrange a video chat forthwith. You settle in front of your computer and follow the instructions for hooking up.

After a few minutes “Krystal’s” face fills the screen. You blink once, then twice. She smiles into the camera. “Hello? Can you see this?” she asks.

Holy fuck. “Krystal” doesn’t just look like Tina. There’s no mistaking that smile and voice, despite the whorish makeup. The webcam slut you just started a session with is definitely none other than Tina herself. She must be doing this for extra cash. Either that or she’s a super-horny, kinky nympho. Or both. The third option, that she’s being forced into this work by the Russian mafia, doesn’t cross your mind.

“Uh, yeah. Hi,” you belatedly respond, putting on a deep, gruff voice. If you keep your camera switched off she won’t know it’s you. This has turned out better than you imagined it would. You’re going to be able to get Tina to do all sorts of filthy things and she won’t know it’s you!

Tina smiles wider then settles back so you can see her entire body on her bed. She’s wearing an extremely-fetishized schoolgirl outfit with a skirt so short it can’t cover her tiny white panties from any angle. Her big tits are pushed up and practically bursting from her little blouse. She’s forgone the use of the buttons, instead tying it at her midriff.

“Hi biggusdickus. We’re gonna have so much fun. Turn on your camera, I want to see you!”

You freeze for a second. “Uh, um… I think I might leave it off if you don’t mind.”

Tina pouts. “C’mon. If you want a good show I’m gonna have to see your face. And your cock. I get so turned on looking at hard cocks. It makes me so fucking wet watching guys jerk off over me…”

You really want the best possible show, so you look around your room in a desperate search for something that could conceal your identity. But all you can find is your fake moustache. Sighing, you resign yourself to the fact that you’re not going to be seeing Tina at her hottest.

Suddenly you have a brainwave. Maybe you can use your fake moustache! You grab it, slap it on your face, then turn on your camera feed, beaming her an image of you from the waist up.

“That’s better!” Tina grins. “Now before we begin, I want you to get naked. And point the camera down a bit…”

You hesitate, but you’re confident in your disguise so what could possibly go wrong? You hurriedly strip off and settle in the chair, angling the camera down to include your dick in the shot.

“Mmmm, nice,” purrs Tina. “Stroke it for me, biggusdickus, get it nice and hard.”

“Hey, I thought I was the one who was going to get a show!” you object with a laugh.

“Oh don’t worry, babe, you will,” she replies seductively. “I can’t wait to get naked and shove all sorts of things up my pussy for you.”

Your cock twitches and instantly gains an inch. You grab it in your hand and start slowly pumping while you look at the image of Tina on your computer screen. You’ve got decent broadband, so she’s high-resolution and high-framerate, with no perceptible lag. If she was a video game, your ping time would be killer. If she was on eBay and you were sniping her, you could wait until the last two seconds. You realize that this is likely because she’s geographically very close.

“That’s a nice cock, biggusdickus. I wish I was there,” says Tina.

“Oh yeah?” you reply. “What would you do if you were here?”

“Mmmm, well, I think I’d have to suck it, babe.”

“You like sucking cock, er, Krystal?” Shit, you almost called her by her real name.

“More than anything. And I swallow.”

“Can I cum on you?”

“Oh yeah, baby, you can cum on me. Wherever you like,” she purrs.

“Can I cum on your face?”

“Mmmm, sure you can. I’d love your sticky load all over my face.”

“Can I cum in your hair?”

“Well, I just washed it, but okay, why not.”

“Can I cum up your nose? Or in your ear? Like, could I squirt it right in your ear canal?” you question, eager to explore her limits.

“Babe, you can cum anywhere,” reiterates Tina. “But not too soon, okay? We’ve got a long way to go.”

Typical cam-slut, always trying to extend the time. But it’s Tina, so that’s fine with you! 

You’re naked and jerking off in your chair but Tina is still dressed, so-to-speak, in that naughty miniature schoolgirl costume. You decide to say something you’ve always wanted to say to her.

“Show me your tits, you dirty slut!”

She giggles and sticks her full chest out, twisting her body from side to side. “So you want to see my boobies, mister? Don’t you know it’s not nice to proposition little girls like that?”

“Your outfit might be little but you’re not! Get ‘em out, baby.”

“You wanna see my little twelve-year-old titties?” she teases in a baby-like voice.

Ewww. What kind of creepy guys does she normally chat with? You need to shut this down quick. “You can stop with the age stuff. I’m not into little girls,” you admonish her.

“Sorry,” she says, sticking out her lower lip petulantly.

“That’s okay. Now listen carefully. I’d like you to pretend you’re my mommy,” you reply.

Tina stifles a snort. “You’re funny.”

She thinks you’re joking. You decide not to push it, because she’s started tugging at that knot in her blouse. It comes apart and her big tits bounce out. She grabs them in both hands and holds them up to the camera.

“You like?” she asks, giving them a jiggle.

“Oh yeah. Squeeze them for me. Play with them,” you order, jerking your now-fully-erect cock steadily.

Tina starts groping her tits and you settle back to enjoy the show, your head still spinning that you’re actually seeing Tina’s tits in the flesh. When she manages to pull a breast up high enough to sucking on the nipple you can’t help but moan aloud. After a minute of this treatment her big nips are poking from her chest like bullets.

“Hey biggusdickus, do you wanna see my toy?” she finally asks.

“Sure.”

Tina ducks off camera and quickly returns with an enormous cream-colored fake cock, complete with a pair of hefty balls. “This is what I want to do with your dick,” she says, giving you a wink. Then she stretches her mouth around the head and eases the dildo into her mouth. It’s so big, you worry she might dislocate her jaw.

You continue masturbating while Tina demonstrates some impressive throating skills. Then she eases the cock out of her mouth and wipes some spit from her lip.

“Do you want to see me get messy?” she asks.

“Oh yeah!”

“Well just press the button to give me a tip. You won’t regret it, baby,” she coos.

You practically hammer the tip button and she smiles. “Okay, watch this!”

Tina reaches off camera and grabs a can of non-fat whipped cream. Sticking the nozzle in her mouth she gives herself a couple of long squirts. Then she takes a short swig from a water bottle and sloshes the mixture around in her mouth for a second.

You lean closer to the screen, intrigued.

Tina takes the fat, flesh-toned dildo and starts pushing it into her mouth, being careful to keep a tight seal (not difficult considering the toy’s girth) so that nothing leaks out. Then she starts pumping it in and out, slowly at first before rapidly increasing the pace. With her mouth completely full, she nevertheless manages to emit a few panicky-sounding squeals. Then she thrusts the cock three times hard and her eyes bulge wide open, before the thick mixture of cream, water and spit spurts out from her mouth around the shaft. She keeps thrusting, pretending that she’s the unwilling recipient of the world’s biggest load, as the gooey mixture flows down her chin to her bare cleavage.

Finally she pulls the dick out, panting and spitting, her chin and her big tits all shiny with creamy spit.

“Oh God,” you groan, beating your meat harder. “Do it again!”

Tina grins, squirts more cream into her mouth, then shoves the cock back in. You’re enraptured as you watch her mime a brutal throat-fucking before once again squealing and spluttering, then coughing out yet more spermy-looking grool over her breasts.

You realize you’re right on the edge of cumming so you quickly ease off.

“I wanna see you fuck that thing!” you pant.

Tina giggles. “I’ve got something even better. If you wanna see, just hit that button, baby.”

You hammer that button like there’s no tomorrow. 

Tina smiles at you and bites her lip. “I think I’d better get naked first.” She stands up and discards her blouse, then wiggles her hips out of the tiny skirt so that only her skimpy white panties remain. You ogle her gorgeous body, resplendently decorated with goo that’s now dribbling down over her tummy.

Tina turns away, bends over, hooks her thumbs in the sides of her panties and slowly pulls them down. Your mouth waters as your computer screen is filled with her sexy bare ass. You catch a peek of shaven pussy between her soft thighs, then she hops off-camera.

She returns, dragging a chair. Attached to the chair is another massive fake cock, this one black, pointing straight up. There also appears to be a hose attached.

“Watch this.” She pumps something with her foot a few times, then suddenly the cock shoots a spurt of fake cum maybe two feet into the air!

“Oh God, yes!” you groan.

Tina makes sure the camera gives you a good view, then straddles the chair facing you, spreading her legs to reveal her pretty pussy in all its glory. She rubs the head up and down her slit, then hits the pump, squirting an unknown white, viscous substance between her legs. She reaches down and smears it up and down the shaft of the dildo to get it nice and slippery. Then she spreads her pussy lips and presses her cunt right down over the bulging head.

She groans as she sinks down the dildo, her pussy stretched around its massive circumference. Finally she bottoms out. It’s a relief that she can take it all — you were worried she might injure herself if she slipped.

“Oh fuck me, biggusdickus,” she groans as she starts bouncing up and down, and you match her pace with your fist. After a while you notice the wet, sloppy, squelchy sounds are getting louder and louder, before finally fake cum starts squirting rhythmically out of her cunt. She’s been pumping herself full of it the whole time, and she’s not stopping. There must be a huge reservoir of the stuff somewhere, because it’s oozing and spurting at an alarming rate.

Your eyes boggle and your wanking gets erratic as you watch your fantasy girl humping away on the prolifically-squirting black cock. There’s a thick puddle on the chair that her buttocks keep slapping into wetly, and her thighs are soaked and slippery too.

Then she pulls herself off the cock with an obscene sucking noise and a torrent of fake sperm pours from her pussy. But it’s not over! She turns around to face the back of the chair with her ass pointed at the camera. The dildo squirts again, coating her bottom with realistic jizz substitute. Then she sinks herself back down and starts twerking insanely, her ass jiggling as it slams up and down, her buttocks splashing into the puddle on the chair, with white cum spurting and squirting and oozing out of her cunt, accompanied by disgustingly sloppy, squelchy noises and her own rapidly panting breaths.

“Arghhhh!” you groan and you blow your own load right up your chest, hitting yourself in the chin. For a few seconds you can’t see straight but you keep jerking furiously until you are completely spent, your fist, stomach and chest all messy, much like Tina’s sexy ass is, but with the real stuff, not fake.

When you finally recover, blinking, you see Tina smiling at you, her face filling the screen. “Did you like that?”

“Oh yeah,” you gasp, “you’re fucking incredible!”

“Why thank you, that’s so sweet,” she replies. “Maybe we can do this again.”

“That’s a definite,” you reply.

“Oh, and by the way,” Tina continues, “your moustache fell off about ten minutes ago. I guess we’ll be seeing each other around!” 

You find Rachel alone in the kitchen, tidying the counter after dinner. You pause for a second to admire the way her body is squeezed into the tight, short dress that has distracted you all night.

She looks up at you and smiles. “Oh. Hi Vince.”

“Need a hand, Rachel?” you ask. But your intentions are anything but helpful.

“No, I’m almost done thanks,” she replies. “I’ll be out again in a second.”

You look behind you to make sure that no-one is coming, then join Rachel behind the counter, standing beside her. “I think I’ll give you a hand anyway,” you insist, placing your hand on her waist and pulling her to you. Her body is firm and warm beneath your palm.

“Vince, what are you doing?” she asks warily.

“Just giving you a hand,” you reply as you begin to stroke up and down the side of her body. It’s a bold move, and you’re asking for a slapped face. But fuck it — she’s made you so horny that you’re prepared to take the risk.

“You might’ve had a bit too much to drink,” she suggests, trying unsuccessfully to move away from you.

“You might be right,” you reply. Actually you’re pretty sober, but being drunk would serve as some kind of excuse for what you’re about to try next. You slide your hand down to her ass and give it a firm squeeze.

“Vince!” she gasps. “You can’t just… just…”

“Just what?” you ask, fondling her sexy bottom through her dress. You’ve wanted to do this for so long. If she punches you in the balls now, it will all have been worth it.

“You can’t just walk up to a girl and start” — she fumbles for the words — “taking liberties!”

“Why not?” you counter, hoping that engaging her in conversation will allow you to keep groping for longer. You slide your hand from cheek to cheek, exploring the curvature of her delightful derriere. You can’t believe she’s letting you do this.

“What do you mean, why not?” she replies disbelievingly. “You just can’t!”

“Rachel, I’m not sure that I want to live in a world where I can’t grope a beautiful woman. Do you mind if I take a look at your panties?” you ask brazenly, surprising even yourself.

She’s rightfully dumbstruck. “Do I mind… what?”

You don’t wait for an answer that would probably be in the negative anyway. You tug her dress up around her waist, revealing a pretty pair of pink-striped cotton knickers, riding up slightly between her cheeks.

“Oh my God!” whispers Rachel, still standing facing the counter as her underwear is exposed. She puts her face in her hands, blushing furiously.

You start squeezing and stroking her ass through her panties. “You’ve got a nice butt, Rachel. You know it, don’t you? That’s why you’ve been teasing me all night with it.”

“Vince, I haven’t been teasing you!” she protests.

“Oh. Okay,” you reply, a little disappointed. “Sorry. My bad.”

You press two fingers between her legs and she clamps her thighs together in an attempt to block access to her pussy. In response you shove your knee between her thighs and force her legs apart fairly easily, then slide your whole hand between her legs and begin rubbing her through her panty gusset.

“Vince, you can’t!” she objects.

“No-one seems to be stopping me,” you reply. It’s true — she’s made very little attempt to prevent you having your way with her. Things are going absolutely swimmingly.

“Stop,” she says weakly, but she doesn’t move as you continue to stroke her, feeling her heat and dampness through her panties. You position yourself behind her and press yourself against her. The bulge in your pants pokes into her ass crack. Slowly you grind it up and down.

“Do you know what this is?” you ask, holding her against you with a hand on her stomach.

“Yes,” she whispers.

“What is it?” you prompt.

She waits a few seconds before quietly replying. “It’s your dick.”

“It’s yours if you want it,” you offer, thrusting against her, feeling her buttocks squish as you push your hips against them.

She doesn’t reply.

“Do you want it?” you persist.

Silence again. You take that to mean assent. You undo your pants and let them fall to your ankles, quickly followed by your underpants. Your cock is rock hard and angry. You rub it against her buttocks, using it to poke her panties into her crack, then slip it between her thighs, rubbing your knob against her camel-toe.

“I can’t believe this is happening,” she whispers, squirming as your big dick prods at her nether regions. 

“Bend forward,” you command. Rachel does nothing to resist as you adjust her into position, elbows on the counter with her legs spread and ass out. You slide your cock into her panties through a leg hole and thrust it up and down between her cheeks, squeezing her buttocks around your shaft with both hands. You could play with her sexy butt all night.

You hear laughter from the other room and are reminded that the two of you are not the only people in the house. If you don’t want to be interrupted you had better get a move on. You pull your cock out of her panties and wriggle them down to mid-thigh, exposing her naked ass in all its glory. You can’t resist giving it another firm squeeze, this time delighting in the feel of her soft skin.

“Wait — what if someone — ” she begins.

“Shhh!” You force your hand between her legs and worm your fingers between her pussy lips and into her slit. She’s very wet down there.

“You’re dripping, Rachel. I knew you were a slutty girl,” you taunt.

“Now hang on!” she objects indignantly. “If you grope any girl’s butt for long enough she’s going to get turned on, but that doesn’t mean — Oh!”

You’ve stopped her complaining by quickly aiming your cock and thrusting forward hard, sinking deep into her warm, wet cunt, snagging and drawing her inner pussy lips in with you. You take her by the hips and start thrusting, slowly at first. After several long strokes you quickly decide that the sensation of Rachel’s pussy wrapped around your prick is one of your ten favorite things.

“Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God,” whimpers Rachel to herself as she’s repeatedly penetrated while bent over the kitchen counter. As you pick up the pace the only other sound is that of your hips smacking against her quivering ass cheeks.

“You can’t just — uh — bend a girl over and — uh — start fu — uh — fucking her!” she grunts.

“Are any of these rules written down somewhere?” you ask, grabbing her tits through her dress and using them as hand-holds.

“No! It’s — oh — oh — obvious!”

“Well, I must admit I didn’t think it would be this easy,” you reply. You sneak a hand down and start tracing circles around her stiff, protruding clit, using pussy juice as lubricant.

“Ohhhhh,” Rachel sighs, her body shuddering.

Suddenly a voice calls out from the other room. “Rachel, are you in there?”

She gasps in fright, then shouts back, “Stay there, I’m cumming in a sec!”

You don’t want to make a liar of her. Your fingers dance over her clit in a blur as you shove your cock as deep into her pussy as you can, then pump her with a series of short thrusts, withdrawing less than half way for each.

“Ohhh — ohhh — ohhhhh!” she whimpers, shivering all over as her orgasm washes through her, making her instantly a lot wetter down there, coating your balls with juice. Without waiting for her to finish coming you decide to focus on yourself, pumping in and out of her quivering cunt as fast as you can, and in a few seconds you are coming too.

“Unnngghhh Rachel!” you groan, your cock pulsing and twitching as you pump her full of sperm. It’s been a few days since you last came, so she receives the maximum amount of gooey white love. You keep thrusting the whole time, her nether regions getting squelchier and squelchier, your commingled fluids oozing down her inner thighs.

You take a few gasping breaths when you’re done, then pull your cock out of her. A string of semen briefly connects your cock and her gaping hole before breaking and dropping down her leg. Her twitching pussy is oozing cum, and her ass and thighs are coated with it.

There’s a roll of paper towels on the bench nearby. You peel off a few sheets to wipe her clean, then get another and stuff it between her legs before pulling her panties back up into place and her dress back down over them. Then you wipe off your cock and tuck it away while she straightens up.

Rachel looks a bit dazed. You take her in your arms and kiss her deeply, your tongues entwined as you pant into each others’ mouths hotly. It occurs to you that this might’ve been a better way to begin the encounter, but you don’t have any complaints regarding how things panned out.

“Are there any other dumb rules I need to know about?” you finally ask her.

She ponders a minute. “Umm… no blowjobs in the bathroom later?”

“I’ll keep that in mind.”