You touch her face gently. She giggles nervously. She is quite lovely in a healthy country way - curves that suggests hard work cheerfully borne rather than idleness or excess. You allow your fingers to trace down her neck onto the fabric of the white blouse she is wearing. You cup a breast gently in your hand. She squirms a little but smiles.

"Has any man ever touched you before like this?" you ask her.

"No Your Highness," she replies.

You squeeze her breast tentatively, then let your hand follow the shape of her body over her tummy, and through the fabric of her skirt into her crotch. She takes a surprised breath at the new sensation.

"Take your clothes off," you tell her. She blushes but begins to comply, her eyes avoiding your gaze.

You let her remove her shoes and socks, then her blouse and skirt. She stands before you wearing only her coarse peasant shift. The darkness of her prominent nipples and her pubic hair are clearly visible through the thin fabric.

"Look at me," you tell her. She makes eye contact and you hold her gaze.

"Take it off."

She reddens deeply. "Your Highness, no one has seen me that way since I was a girl, not except my mama. Not even my brothers."

"I know you're shy," you tell her. "Now take it off."

Gazing into your eyes, her fingers shaking, she begins to roll the shift down her body. Her expression turns imploring before finally her breasts are free, and they drop into their natural shape - round, pert, and plentiful, with prominent hard pink nipples. She looks down in shame.

You pull her towards you, and suck a nipple deep into your face. You roll your tongue over it as she gasps in confusion, terror and pleasure all at once. Her neck and chest begins to flush red and her breathing deepens. Your body also reacts, your cock hardening and straining against your clothing.

"Now remove my pants," you command. Uncertainly she begins to do so. When your pants are gone she gazes wonderingly at the visible hardness of your penis through your cotton underpants.

"Take it off," you tell her.

She slowly pulls down your underwear, revealing your body hair and the base of your penis. Finally she pulls the underwear free and your cock, now released, springs immediately up to its full height and hardness. She studies it in fascination and horror.

"Have you seen a man's cock before, girl?"

"No, Your Highness, only my brother's when he was a baby."

You aren't huge, you know that. Just a little over average. Perhaps a little girthier than most. But you are certainly the biggest she has seen.

"Your Highness, I know what's what. My mama explained it to me. I know that your... cock.. is meant to go inside me. But Your Highness, I really don't think it'll fit. Please, Your Highness?"


Enough. You are a warrior prince. She is a peasant girl sent to warm your bed. She will accept her lot in life, and be pleased that she gave her virginity to the Prince Royal, the future King, and not to some farm laborer in a barn somewhere.

You stand up, surprising her. You quickly strip off your remaining clothing, then reach for her with arms that are lean and strong from many years of military campaigning. She gasps as you throw her onto the bed.

"I will show you how this works," you tell her, not unkindly, but in a tone that makes it clear that you are in charge.

You pull off her underwear revealing a light thatch of public hair above her elegant pink cunt. You can immediately see and smell her arousal.

You reach down with your fingers, and gentle touch her cunny lips, massaging them slowly and increasing her arousal even more. You move your head down her body and gently lick her clitoris with your tongue, an action that causes her to spasm in delight and trepidation. You suck her clitoris into your mouth and run your tongue over the distended flesh as she moans and writhes. You can tell that she is close to orgasm.

You kiss up her tummy, over her breasts, and to her own mouth, where you let her taste the flavor of her other lips. Then you lift up her legs, and place your cock against her cunny.

Slowly, gently, you move your hips back and forth, letting your cock gradually enter her. She is amazingly warm. Soon you feel the barrier that is there. With a powerful thrust you push through it and all the way into her shockingly tight interior. She moans in agony and you feel her muscles throbbing and writhing around your manhood. You feel like a victorious warrior now.

You gently move in and out of her. There is blood on the bed. She still moans. Gradually the moans change in character, pain diminishing and pleasure increasing. You increase the speed and power of your thrust, aware that you will not last long with such intense stimulation, after being without release for so many weeks.

Her chest reddens deeply. She is panting for breath. Then she is moaning in deep pleasure and the warm soft iron grip of her cunny around your cock becomes even tighter as she pulsates with orgasm. Quickly you feel your own orgasm approaching, and struggle to hold it back as her body pleasures yours in the most intense manner possible. Then you are groaning and spasming as your cock ejaculates spurt after spurt of royal cum into her, with wave after wave of pleasure taking over your body.

Neither of you moves. You sleep soundly in an intimate embrace, but in the morning she is gone.

Riding with only a few of your most trusted men, you approach the capital city of Anandale. Your father's castle dominates the skyline.

A mood of celebration overwhelms the capital. The streets throng with happy people. You and your men are greeted with cheers, thanks, and blessings. Soon you arrive in the precincts of the castle. Finally you are home.

You grew up in this place. You were always guarded, always protected, but still you explored every corner. You know every wall, every door, every passageway. You know where the best places are to shelter from a sudden rainstorm, and the best places to warm up after a winter walk. It is more than a cluster of buildings; it is a community of almost three hundred people, all trustworthy and loyal to your family to the end.

The King is presiding over the business of his court from the great hall. The large room is crowded with people from all segments of society. You see priests, tradesmen, knights, and lawyers, all seeking an audience with your Father, the ultimate legal authority of the kingdom.

When he sees you, he rises, and shouts your name. The crowd parts to let you approach him. You bow.

"Your Majesty," you greet him formally.

"Peter, my son," he replies, "It is so good to see you home and healthy. I was so relieved when I heard word that you were alive and had succeeded in your task."

He embraces you, long and hard.

"You look so tired. Please, rest. Tomorrow I have much to tell you. And I have a surprise for you."

It has been a long while since you slept in your own bedchamber. You have missed your suite of rooms, your books, your possessions. Your servants. It will be good to be truly home.

Samuel greets you with a huge smile, your friend since childhood, and now your private secretary. You embrace him.

For a while, the two of you exchange news and tell tales about the recent goings on. Then Samuel stops.

"I almost forgot," he says, "there is a gift here for you. Don't ask me what it is though, because I don't know. Whatever it is, it's in the old studio in your rooms, and the door is locked. Your father says he'll explain everything to you tomorrow, and until then, it's a surprise. I didn't even know that door had a lock!"

The two of you wander into your chambers as he speaks, and you approach the door in question. It leads into a large room, nearly as large as your bedchamber itself, with over-sized windows and tall ceilings. Once, generations ago, it was a sitting room for a lady and her maids in waiting. As a teenager you used it as an art studio, until you realized painting was not your talent. Since then it has sat empty and mostly disused.

You give the door a hard shove. It is firmly locked. Your curiosity is now strongly aroused.

"You really don't know what's in there?" you ask Samuel.

"I really don't," he replies. "Your father made all of us leave your chambers yesterday morning, and when we were allowed to return, the door was locked."

Intrigue battles with fatigue within you, and fatigue wins.

"I suppose we'll find out tomorrow," you tell him. "I need to sleep."

Much later, you awake. Warm sunlight is streaming in through the windows. The sun is high in the sky; you have slept late.

Your penis has also woken up. For no reason at all, it feels hard as iron, and the tent it makes is clearly visible in your bedclothes. You are content to lay back and daydream for a while, enjoying the warmth and the pleasurable feeling of your erection straining against the white sheets.

"Good morning, your highness!" exclaims a playful voice as Rebecca sweeps in, carrying a tray.

Only a few years older than you, your chambermaid is pretty, energetic, and very capable. She is one of the few people you permit to order you around. She has looked after you since you were a young teenager, and there are few secrets between you.

"How are you feeling this morning? Did you sleep well? How was your journey?" she asks, asking a hundred questions at once, as usual.

"Oooh!" she exclaims, noticing your obvious erection. "Is that for me?"

You find yourself blushing and assemble a pile of blankets over your groin.

As a teenager you often fantasized about Rebecca's breasts. Her chest generously fills her maid's uniform. Once, when you were fourteen and her only sixteen, you bashfully asked her to show them to you. She told you she would if you would show her your cock in exchange. You were far too embarrassed, and the matter ended there. But it formed the basis for a friendship of unusual intimacy.

The two of you have flirted with each other for years, but never taking things further. Of course you could have her if you wanted - you could have any woman in the palace just for the asking - but you enjoy the friendship between you, and the deliciously-inappropriate conversations the two of you have; a chambermaid mocking a prince's erection.

"Of course it's for you," you joke, "you know you're the only girl who can get me hard."

"True," she acknowledges. "I'm a bit busy at the moment, but I can make myself available to be pleasured in between taking your bed sheets to the laundry and drawing your bath, if it suits your highness. Anyway, here's your breakfast. Try not to poke a hole in the tray with that thing."

"It's good to see you," you tell her. "I've missed this."

"Never mind that," she tell you. "Hurry up and get dressed so you can talk to your father, and we can all find out what's behind that bloody door."


"My Son," he says, embracing you. "Come, sit. I've much to tell you."

You follow him into his private office. The room is grandly appointed in dark wood. A fire blazes in one wall; a large window gives views of a secluded courtyard. Books and curios fill the shelves on two walls. It is a cozy and comfortable place. As a child you often played here while your father read papers at his desk.

"In the end, it was his own lords who ended it," he tells you without preamble. "We were winning, as you know, and we would have won anyway, but Simon of Nebraska was determined to fight on. Very honorable of course. No fault in that... usually. But he made bad, bad decisions on the battlefield, and worse ones in his council chamber. Of course, the worst of all was choosing to make war on us in the first place, all those years ago.

"A year ago, he might have called truce and we could have agreed mutual peace. A threemonth ago he could have negotiated a future for his house and his nobles as part of our kingdom. A month ago was long past time for an honorable surrender, to save his people from what was to come, and perhaps live out his life quietly somewhere.

"His generals knew it. His nobles knew it. The servant who wiped his arse knew it. But the man wouldn't take advice. It seems he started to go mad. He imprisoned his own generals, and started to threaten the families of his lords, for what he supposed was their disloyalty. And so, of course, they turned against him.

"Fourteen of his advisers approached him as one, telling him that the end had come, and that he needed to surrender, not as an shameful act but as the god-given duty of an honorable king, to secure the best future for his people. And that they were prepared to overthrow him if he wouldn't. And that everyone in his kingdom, from the stable boy to the highest lord, was behind them.

"He was insane to the end. He refused, and commanded his sons to kill the lords. I suppose the three of them are to be commended for their loyalty and valor, but the outcome was inevitable. One old man and his three sons can't defeat a room full of battle-experienced nobles and generals and their servants, though even his daughter tried to stab one of them.

"When it was over, the lords sent an envoy to parley with me, and explained what had occurred. They hoped to negotiate a peaceful surrender, and that I would be merciful to the Nebraskan people, who after all had no desire to be at war with us. They admitted that regicide was a great sin, and perhaps the greatest crime there is, but prayed that I limit my punishment to those who had taken part and be merciful to their wives and sons.

"And of course, it is a great sin, to kill your king. But in my mind, there was honor and self-sacrifice in what they did. I wasn't minded to execute them, though it might be considered the proper thing to do. I pardoned those who would swear fealty to me, and banished those who did not. And now, after so many years, and so many pointless deaths, we have peace.

"So, to the present matter.

"Simon's wife was mercifully dead many years ago. His sons died fighting alongside him him. The daughter is his only living blood. We took her as a prisoner, a mercy for her, though she didn't know it - the common Nebraskans would have happily torn her limb from limb, they had come to hate her family so much.

"But what to do with her? She was brought up noble, but she's noble no more. She has no family, no land, no title, no gold. No worth to speak of. She's comely enough, but any five peasant girls from are just as comely. Her people hate her, and our people here would hate her if they knew who she was.

"So I've decided to give her to you.

You are surprised, of course. "Give her to me? We don't have slaves here!"

"It's true," the King acknowledges, "buying and selling of slaves has been outlawed in our kingdom for generations beyond memory. But, I've consulted with the scribes and lawyers, and she is considered a 'prize of war', not a slave at all. You can't sell her... but you can own her.

"As far as we can establish, she's nineteen summers old. Would've been married off by now if not for the war, no doubt. She has a very high opinion of herself and hasn't accepted her new station in life. Probably has pretty face when she isn't angry or crying. Well-educated. Presumably a virgin.

"So she's yours. You can use her as you see fit. Set her to work for you. Take pleasure in her body. Hurt her for your entertainment. Make her your best friend. Employ a servant to throw eggs at her. Do whatever you pleases you!

"If you like her, probably best to keep quiet about who she is, at least for a while. A lot of people in this palace might not be able to restrain themselves from hurting her.

"If you don't want her, I only suggest you kill her clean and quiet. When you are king the people will want to know that you are merciful."

You are stunned.

"Father," you splutter, "I've never heard of such a thing. But I admit, I'm curious. Thank you for this singular gift!"

He hands you a key.

You go to your room. Rebecca is there, waiting excitedly for you. She blushes when she sees you.

"What news, your highness?"

"It's a girl. A prize of war. A plaything. Mine to command. To live or die at my whim," you tell her, your voice serious.

Rebecca's eyes open wide. "A girl? Who is she?"

Your Father advised keeping her identity secret. But this is Rebecca. You trust her completely.

"I need your most solemn promise that you will keep this secret," you tell her, in your most serious voice. "We don't want people knowing who she is, at least not yet."

"I swear it," Rebecca tells you, her eyes glowing with excitement.

"She is the daughter of Simon of Nebraska. The only member of his family left alive."

Rebecca gasps. An uncharacteristically hard expression takes over her usually kind face.

"I have heard so many stories about that family, and the things they have done to their people," she says quietly.

"I know. And those stories were mostly true. But now it's up to me to decide what to do with her. Maybe there is some virtue in her. Maybe not."

"What will you do with her?"

"I don't know yet."

"Is she pretty?," Rebecca asks, a suggestion of jealousy in her voice. I smile at her.

"Come with me, and we'll find out. I would value your opinion."