You open your eyelids heavy with sleep and yawn lazily, stretching out the limbs of your naked body as you gaze up at a white plaster ceiling. A ceiling that with dawning confusion you realize you don't recognize at all. You gaze around the room, noting the abstract art hanging from the wall, the ensuite bathroom in the corner... gradually you begin to recognize this hotel room as memories of why you are here begin returning to your half-awake brain.

Modelling has always been your dream career. Recently you saw an ad by a company called Model Futures, and responded to it sending them your best selfies. You were delighted when they replied offering you an interview and even paid for your plane tickets and hotel room. You have butterflies in your stomach from the excitement and nerves as you prepare for your big day and can't even manage to eat any breakfast. After going through your morning routine, taking extra time to ensure your make up, hair and outfit are perfectly on point, you take one last look in the mirror to admire the result.

You see in your reflection a cute blonde with blue eyes and a perfect smile, wearing a low cut yellow sundress showing off plenty of your more than ample cleavage. You don't want to look slutty but you think showing off your assets a bit might give you an advantage in the interview. Your sandals display your toenails painted white to match your fingernails.

As an 18 year old still in high school this is the first interview you've ever had, and the first time you've traveled alone beyond your home town. You haven't told your parents about any of this, lying to them and saying you were staying at a friend's over the weekend. You know they both think that your modelling aspirations are a waste of time and want you to follow in the footsteps of your older sister who got into med school a couple years ago. If this turns out to be your big break you'll have the satisfaction of proving them wrong. If it leads nowhere you don't need to hear "I told you so" from your parents.

You make sure to leave plenty of time to get to your destination, although you end up getting a bit lost in the unfamiliar streets of this big city and arrive just barely on time after having to ask directions from a passing man who seemed to be addressing his answer to your breasts instead of your face. Arriving at the address you double check it's correct as this place looks a bit underwhelming, just a somewhat run down looking office building. Somehow you'd expected their headquarters would be a bit more impressive. Maybe it's better on the inside? You press the buzzer on the door.

"Hii, is this Model Futures? I'm here for the, umm, casting?" you ask a little nervously as a man opens the door. He must be in his 50s or even older and doesn't cut an impressive figure at all, being unattractive with a fat stomach and dressed very casually in a t-shirt and jeans.

"Yeah, you must be Melanie?"

"Umm... actually it's Melissa" you correct him.

"Right... I'm John, the manager here. Come on in and we can get started with the interview right away" he replies, closing the door behind you. "My office is just down the hall" he tells you as you feel him placing his hand on your lower back to guide you. As you walk alongside him it soon slips down to rest on your rounded ass, making you feel uncomfortable. As you enter the office he gives your ass a light squeeze. Your blue eyes widen a little in surprise but you don't protest, you don't want to anger him before the interview.

"Take a seat and we'll begin" the man gestures. At the center of the room you've entered are comfortable couches set around a glass table on which sits a video camera and a pile of scattered papers. As you sit down on the couch opposite him you glance at the papers to see an assortment of pictures of attractive girls who mostly look to be in their late teens or early twenties along with what seems to be their basic information, measurements, career experience etc. Your recognize your own at the top of the pile. The papers have notes scribbled on them but you can't make out the handwriting and don't have time to examine in any further detail.

"I'll be filming so I can review the interview later" he states, pointing the camera at you. You nod, assuming that's a normal thing, although it doesn't help your nerves at all. "Now, first question- why do you want to work with our agency and why should we represent you?"

"I've, like... always wanted to be a model, and I... ummm... I mean.... if you accept me I'll, like, uhh... always do my best and... like, umm..." You were expecting a question like this but now you're put on the spot your nerves along with the unwanted groping a moment ago are throwing you off massively and you're completely tongue-tied. You probably sound like a complete idiot. Drawing a complete blank you trail off, looking back at the man insecurely for his reaction as you bit your lip.

"Sure..." he replies with a patronizing smirk. "Fortunately for you this line of work won't tax the brain cells. Now, I can see you're a pretty girl, but in this line of work it's your body that's most important. I'll need to see what you're working with before I can decide if you meet our high standards... so go ahead and get undressed for me Melanie... sorry, Melissa..."

"Okay" you nod nervously. You don't really feel comfortable undressing in front of this man but at least it's a relief to be given an instruction instead of another question to answer. You lift your yellow sundress over your head and drop it down next to you on the couch leaving you exposed in your underwear, your huge breasts overspilling the white bra that contains them.

"Very nice, but I'm going to need to see you without the bra on to judge properly" he tells you. "We have to consider the topless shoots too..."

"Oh... umm... I didn't know anything about topless stuff..." you reply with a look of surprise feeling even more nervous and uncomfortable now. You're sure that wasn't mentioned in the ad, or did you miss something?

"Well, it will definitely get you a lot more work and we always look for girls that are willing to go the extra mile to boost their careers. All of our top models started out doing it. Don't worry, it's all very tasteful and artistic shoots. Is that something you would consider to raise your modelling profile?"

"Umm... I don't know? I guess, maybe?" you reply hesitantly. You don't like the idea at all but you don't want to say no if it will ruin the interview, or your future career.

"You don't have to decide now. Just keep it in mind."

"Okay" you nod. "I'll, umm, think about it..."

"But we do need to see you topless for this interview." he says in a demanding tone. "Now lose the bra." It seems there's no getting around this one. You don't want to do this but you feel like you have to. At least nobody outside this room will see it. You take a deep breath before reaching behind your back to unclip the garment, letting your heavy breasts bounce free, each globe now bare, revealing your large areolae each capped with a pink nipple. The skin under your bra is a paler white than the tan covering the rest of your body, displaying the outline of a bikini top.

"Good girl. But I really need to get a proper sense of how they move. Now give them a shake... play with them a bit... we have to take all these things into account, you see, before we can decide if you meet our standards..."

Your face flushed pink you comply obediently, gripping a large breast in each hand, your manicured nails sinking into the soft flesh as you squeeze them gently, beginning to bounce them up and down in your hands. The man's lips curl into a predatory grin as his gaze becomes fixed on the swaying and rippling motions of your heavy breasts. As you continue bouncing and squeezing your huge tits as commanded you look at him expectantly, awaiting his judgment or further instructions. An increasingly uneasy silence persists as it seems like he's forgotten about the interview entirely and is too busy lusting openly over your body.

"So... uhhh... do I meet your, um, standards?" you eventually ask hesitantly.

"Oh, you definitely have potential..." he smirks still staring at your tits. "Not the brightest bulb clearly, but you have a very nice body and that's what counts around here. I have so many gigs that I think you'd be perfect for. Including some very high profile shoots with some of our biggest clients. You know, I could make a big star out of you before long... a real big star..." Your smile broadens as his words sink in until you're grinning from ear to ear, enraptured with fantasies of stardom and weaving a grand picture in your head of your future as a top model. This really could be your big break!

"But..." he pauses for a moment as if weighing up his options. "Well, you seem like a sweet girl Melanie so I'll be honest with you. I interviewed a couple of other girls this morning who also have pretty nice figures... and actually, they performed quite a bit better at their interviews... I think they might be more cut out for this line of work, I'm sorry to say... much better attitudes than you..." Your smile begins to evaporate as you listen. "It's always a tough decision to make, but in this industry we really have to pick the best of the best, you understand. I wouldn't settle for a star when I could have a superstar..." he continues. "I'm looking for a girl with the drive to give 110% to her career and do everything she can to succeed. And I'm just not convinced you have what it takes..." You aren't used to dealing with rejection and his words feel like a punch to the gut.

"I'll do everything! Even topless stuff!" You promise in desperation. "Just.. give me a chance... please??" Your voice wavers and you're almost choking back tears now.

"Well... I like you Melanie... maybe I could give you one last opportunity to prove yourself..." he replies with a lustful grin, suddenly rising from his chair and stepping forwards. "To prove that you really are prepared to do everything..."


Suddenly John drops his jeans, his thick uncut cock hanging free, already at half-mast. You gasp audibly as you watch.

"Suck my cock and you'll be my new favourite model" he smirks smugly.

"I... I don't..." you're lost for words, your pretty blue eyes wide with shock.

"You promised me you were ready to do anything. Now prove it!" he says in a commanding tone.

"You... t-this isn't..." you stammer nervously.

"I don't like lying bitches. Lying bitches can pay for their own flight home" he says menacingly.

"I... I don't have the money..." You're still a high school student, you don't have that kind of cash on you.

"That's not my problem" he replies callously. The thought of being stranded alone in this strange city with no way home fills you with panic. You think of calling your parents to bail you out but you know you'd be in massive trouble for lying to them and wasting their time and money. You'd never hear the end of it. And the way the agent is looking at you, you're afraid to say no to him. You feel like you have no choice but to do what he wants.

"Now be a good girl and get me off" he demands. You bow your head with a defeated expression as a big hairy hand suddenly grabs your thin wrist, moving your hand onto his cock. You know what you have to do, curling your slender fingers around the thick organ as you squeeze it softly, beginning to stroke him slowly. "That's more like it..." he grins, as suddenly he grips the back of your head, pulling you in for a kiss. The prospect of kissing this ugly guy who's old enough to be your father, maybe even grandfather, fills you with disgust but he gives you no chance to object as he shoves his tongue forcefully down your throat holding your face against his.

As his tongue explores your mouth you feel his other hand roam all over your body, running up and down your curves, groping your ass hard, cupping and squeezing your breasts. You feel his cock growing and swelling in your grip as you continue stroking it, and soon he's fully hard, thick raised veins pressing into your palm. He lets out deep moans of satisfaction into your mouth, still groping you all over as he holds you in the longest and deepest kiss of your life. After what feels like an eternity he finally pulls back, and you feel his hand now pushing down firmly on the top of your head.

"On your knees" he orders you, and obediently you comply. "Time to start sucking..." You'd forgotten all about the camera on the table until he suddenly picks it up and points it down at you.

"Umm... you don't have to film this... do you?" you object nervously.

"It's just for my personal use. Need something to keep me entertained tonight" he chuckles. Naively you believe him, trying not to think too hard about his so-called entertainment. You wish you could back out of this but you feel like it's too late now, he's already pressing the head of his cock against your lips, sticky precum oozing from the tip which he rubs and wipes all over them like some kind of gross lip gloss. "Now, less talking and more sucking!" he demands.

Obediently you open wide and take the slimy head into your mouth. This is only a quick blowjob, you try to tell yourself. Just close your eyes and pretend you're anywhere but here and it will all be over before you know it. Hopefully. You begin to swirl your tongue around the head of his cock, trying to ignore the unpleasant taste, as you slide more of his cock into your mouth, bobbing your head a little as your plump lips stretch out around his thick shaft, massaging it with every motion. More precum oozes out onto your tongue to mix with your saliva inside your mouth, wet sucking and slurping sounds filling the room. As you suck him you stroke the base of his shaft in a firm grip with one hand. You hear a deep groan of pleasure from above you, he's clearly enjoying himself. You move your other hand to his balls, giving them a light squeeze and beginning to massage the hairy package. You want to give him as much pleasure as you can so he'll cum quickly.

"Open your eyes whore! Look at me!" You feel a hand gripping your head as he pulls open one of your eyelids with his thumb. Forced to look up you see he's grinning from ear to ear as he stares down at you. "That's better! Now take it deeper!" It seems he's getting bored with your efforts as he thrusts his hips forwards, forcing his cock deeper in your mouth. Instinctively you try to pull back but his firm grip on your head keeps you right where he wants you. You haven't learned how to deepthroat and as soon as the fat head thrusts to the back of your mouth you gag, your eyes beginning to water. He laughs with sadistic pleasure at your discomfort, which only spurs him to thrust again, harder this time. His hips roll into a increasingly fast rhythm as he begins to fuck your face mercilessly, as if he's determined to force his cock all the way down.

"Come on bitch! Swallow my cock!" You try desperately to relax your throat but you don't even have time to recover between thrusts and can only gag and choke loudly. You didn't wear waterproof mascara and every tear that rolls down your cheek leaves behind a dark streak on your skin. You're barely able to breathe and start to feel yourself getting light headed as he starves you of oxygen, like you're about to pass out.

Finally he relaxes his grip and you pull your head back, taking a deep breath to fill your lungs with some badly-needed oxygen as you cough and splutter pathetically. Long strands of saliva connect your mouth to his cock, stretching out and breaking to drip down onto your tits. Your eyes look like those of a panda now with all the black smudges circling them, and long streaks of black extend the length of your face.

"You're shit at this but I'll give you points for effort" he sneers, slapping the head of his cock against your forehead a few times and leaving a sticky imprint. Suddenly he steps back, tugging hard on your blonde locks making you wince and forcing you to crawl alongside him as he sits back on the couch, kicking his jeans aside and making sure the camera is still angled down at you.

"Stroke my cock while you lick my balls" he demands. You nod weakly as you grip his cock again, now dripping and glistening with your saliva. Your hand glides easily across the lubricated organ, slick wet sounds filling the room with each stroke. At the same time you stick out your tongue, beginning to run it all over his ballsack, gliding up and down. The hair down there scratches your tongue unpleasantly with every flick. "Now suck on them" he orders, and obediently you press your lips against his heavy balls, sucking one into your mouth, stretching out the skin as you swirl your tongue around it. "Good girl..." You suck on it harder, letting it pop out of your mouth before moving to the next one and giving it the same pleasurable treatment.

"You ever give a guy a rimjob before?" he asks with a smirk, suddenly gripping your head again. You shake your head with a sinking feeling as you don't like where this seems to be going. "There's a first time for everything" he laughs sadistically as before you can protest he forces your face into his hairy ass, squashing your button nose flat as your eyes widen in shock yet again. Just when you thought this couldn't get any more gross and humiliating. "Well, start licking bitch! And don't stop stroking me!" Suppressing what remains of your dignity and self-respect you obediently comply, sticking your tongue out to start circling his asshole. "Fuck, you're a good whore..." he grins, letting out a deep sigh of satisfaction. His grip tightens in your blonde hair as he begins thrusting your face back and forth against his ass, forcing your tongue in and out of his hole. He lets out more deep moans of pleasure as you rim him, feeling his cock begin to throb in your grip. You were looking forward to today so much... how did everything go so badly wrong?

"Now lie back here..." he orders you, finally letting go of your hair and patting the couch next to him. "It's almost time to cum on your pretty face..." he grins.

You've never let anyone cum on your face before, you always found the idea unpleasant and degrading. But you know your preferences count for nothing here. You just want all of this to be over with, and even though the thought of him coming on your face makes you shudder, you feel a sense of relief at what you assume will be the end of this ordeal. With a weak sigh of resignation you do as he demands, moving up onto the couch and lying on your back as he shifts around to straddle your chest with his knees, still pointing the camera down at you. He slaps his sticky cock down between your cleavage.

"Push those tits together!" he demands, and obediently you press your soft breasts around his cock feeling the hot organ throbbing needily between them as he begins to thrust his hips, his thick cock sliding easily through the tunnel you've created thanks to the liberal coating of spit you left all over it earlier. "Lick the tip!" You tilt your head and stick your tongue out, flicking it across the head of his cock as it pokes out the top of your cleavage with every forceful thrust, a sticky string of precum now oozing out which you're forced to lick up. His loud moans of pleasure are coming thick and fast now as he uses your body to bring himself to a climax.

"Ahh... fuck, I'm getting close..." he groans deeply, suddenly gripping hold of his cock and pointing it directly at your face. "Here it comes bitch!" You close your eyes and mouth, trying to limit the damage as you hear him moan loudly in ecstasy, but you aren't prepared for what's coming. You wince as you feel a massive jet of hot cum hitting your right eye, covering it completely, before an even bigger blast splashes all over your forehead and streaks up into your hairline. Another smaller glob glues the eyelashes of your left eye before the rest of his heavy cumshot spurts out with less force, pooling all over your lips and coating them. His cum feels disgustingly thick and you can't believe how much of it seems to be coming out.

"Suck it bitch!" he groans once he's finally finished, as you feel the head of his cock pressing against your lips smearing the thick cum around. Reluctantly you part your lips to let him slide inside, gluey strands of cum sliding into your mouth along with it. He thrusts in and out a few times, the foul taste of his cum filling your mouth. You can feel more hot cum still oozing from the tip onto your tongue. "Nothing better than frosting a pretty face..." he chuckles sounding immensely pleased with himself. When he finally pulls his cock out with a satisfied sigh you try to spit out all the cum that went inside your mouth, bubbles forming between your lips as it drips down your chin.

"I can't open my eyes..." you whine, prompting him to laugh cruelly at your predicament. The thick globs of his cum have glued both of your eyelids shut completely.

"Here" he chuckles as you feel him handing you some kind of cloth, beginning to wipe the disgusting stuff out of your eyes and off your face. When you can finally see again, you realize you'd unknowingly been wiping off on your own dress in your blinded state. You groan in disgust, wishing you'd brought a change of clothes as you're forced to put the now cum-stained garment back on.

"You look like shit" he laughs, and you know you must be a complete state now after having make-up, spit and cum smeared all over your face and your hair yanked around in all directions. You need to find a bathroom to clean up as best you can as soon as possible. "Well, you certainly satisfied me... here's your contract..." he announces, placing a stack of papers in front of you. You know you should really read the whole thing but it's all so dense and complicated. After what you've just endured you're barely able to focus on something as simple as spelling your own name. You hurriedly sign without even skimming the thing, all you want to do is get out of here as quickly as possible. "We'll call you next week about upcoming work" he promises as you rush out of the room, the gross smell of his cum still filling your nostrils.

In a dazed state of shock, you barely remember your journey back. When you arrive home you tell your parents you were up very late at the sleepover watching movies and go straight to bed early. You know they are too career focused to ever pay much attention to your feelings, and if they notice you aren't your usual happy-go-lucky self the next day you'll just tell them you're feeling a little ill.

You realize now your parents were right all along, your dreams of a modelling career were just a childish fantasy and you need to forget all of that and start focusing on a serious career plan. Maybe it's not too late to think about med school? You wish you were more like your sister. You know your parents do too. She's always so smart and collected. She never would've ended up debasing herself like you did. Ugh. You feel like a cheap whore. You never want to see that agent again, or anyone like him. If that's what the modelling world is really like under the glossy veneer, you don't want any part of it. Not at all.

You tell your friends you weren't successful in the interview- no more than that, you can't bear to go into the humiliating details and relive the experience again. Of course, they can tell by your troubled expression that something is up, but you'll only say you don't want to talk about it.

All you can do is forget about what happened and move on with your life. Or try to, anyway. At least it's all over now, right?

A week later and you're walking to school as usual when you pass a sleazy-looking older guy in the street.

"Hey, Amber! Come here and suck my cock!" he calls out to you with a lustful grin. You ignore him and try to walk past as quickly as possible, feeling extremely uncomfortable. "You look pretty with cum on your face!" he laughs as you hurry away. That was unpleasant... and weird. Maybe he mistook you for someone else? Wait, doesn't it seem like more people are staring at you today? You check yourself out quickly but you don't see anything off about your appearance. Maybe you're just imagining things? You know you haven't really been yourself since... you shudder trying to suppress those memories.

As you arrive in school, you know for sure something is up. Mocking laughter and hushed whispers seem to follow you through the hall and it seems like everyone is staring at you. You have a really bad feeling about this. You go to say hi to a group of girls you know and they just walk away as if they hadn't heard you. You hear shouts of "slut" and "whore" behind you. Oh God... it can't be??

Standing outside the classroom door you see Beth, your best friend. She doesn't greet you with her usual smile, she looks deadly serious.

"That "modelling interview" you went to... that was porn wasn't it?"

"How... how do you know?" you reply quietly, your face turning beet red.

"How do I know!? For fuck's sake Melissa, the whole school knows!!! I'm pretty sure the whole town knows by this point!" she's almost shouting now, clearly angry and upset with you. You wish she wouldn't be so loud, it seems like a whole crowd has gathered to watch this spectacle. "You really thought nobody would recognize you from this!?" She shoves her phone in your face, the screen showing a porn video titled "Amber from Casting Couch Cocksuckers." The thumbnail shows an image of you with cum all over your face and a cock between your lips. You can't stand to look at it.

"How could you... why would..." Beth's looking at you like she doesn't know you anymore, clearly shocked beyond words.

"I... I didn't... this isn't..." It feels like you're living a waking nightmare.

"Melissa, the principal needs to see you in his office" the teacher states as she arrives, cutting short your conversation. Your stomach feels like a ton of bricks as you walk back down the hall, feeling everyone's eyes following you and hearing more giggles and whispers.

"She's going to lick his ass!" you hear someone laughing behind you as you enter the principal's office. You feel physically ill.

"Melissa... take a seat, please..." The principal directs you in a grave tone. "Now... I've been informed of a production you, um, starred in recently. A video of a... pornographic nature" He clears his throat awkwardly. "For a website that I won't name out loud." Your face is burning hot with shame, and your gaze is fixed on the floor. You can't bear to look him in the eyes. "I just don't understand. You were a good student..." He shakes his head, looking at you with a mix of pity and revulsion. "Do you realize how... how stupid you've been? You'll never have a decent career now. This will follow you for life. You had such a bright future ahead of you, and you've thrown it all away..." You feel hot tears rolling down your cheeks. "And for what? Whatever they paid you, it wasn't worth that..." You can't bring yourself to tell him you didn't get paid anything.

"I... I d-didn't think..." you stammer remorsefully.

"No, clearly you didn't" he reprimands you. "I just wish you would've spoken to your parents first. Or one of your teachers. Any responsible adult could've told you this was a dreadful idea. But I'm afraid it's too late now. You've brought our school into disrepute with your actions... you leave me no choice but to expel you from this institution. I've called your parents and they're coming to pick you up right away. I imagine they'll have a lot to discuss with you."

You can't even imagine how bad that conversation is going to be. You know you can't deal with seeing your parents right now. You can't deal with any of this right now. You just want to run away from this place and never come back.

"Sorry, Sir... I... I can't..." suddenly you rise to your feet, turning and rushing out the door before the principal can respond. You hear him shouting your name behind you but you don't look back, just run down the hall with tears flowing down your face. You don't even look where you're going, and suddenly have to stop yourself before you ram into a figure turning the corner.

You stop yourself before you collide with a tall figure, looking up to see a familiar handsome face with cropped blonde hair. You recognize him as Beth's boyfriend, Nate. You've always found him really smart and funny, and he seems like a genuinely good guy. In fact you've always had a bit of a crush on him yourself, but you know how happy him and Beth are together and you'd never wish for anything to come between them.

"Melissa? Are you okay?" You shake your head as you sniff and wipe away tears. He wraps an arm around you and you feel comfort in his embrace.

"I... I need... to get out of here..." you whimper between sobs.

"Let's go" he nods, leading you out to his car. "Where do you want to go?"

"I... I don't know... anywhere..." you sniff. He drives away from school and parks up in a secluded back street somewhere, you aren't really paying attention right now.

"Now, tell me what's wrong?" he wraps his arm over your shoulder and pulls you closer to him.

"I... I just got expelled from school... my parents probably want to disown me... everyone thinks I... thinks I'm..." you whimper. "I don't... don't know what to do..."

"This is all cause of that porn video right?" You nod. You were hoping he didn't know about it, but of course he does.

"He... he told me he wouldn't show anyone else..."

"Well, I'm pretty sure it's illegal if you don't sign a contract." Your heart sinks as you remember the lengthy document you hurriedly signed at your "casting" without reading it. You can guess now what that contract would have said.

"I think I did..." you sigh defeatedly. You can't believe how stupid you were. God, what an idiot...

"Everyone makes mistakes. Just give it a bit of time and things will settle down and go back to normal. You'll be fine. And I'm here for you in the meantime..." he smiles, his hand stroking your bare shoulder. You draw a deep breath, resting your head on his shoulder.

"Thanks, Nate... you're a really good friend..." You're feeling a little better now, at least. Maybe things won't be so bad after all. You sit in silence for a while, as he continues stroking your shoulder. His hand begins gradually wandering lower, moving down over your collarbone.

"It's a shame people can't be more open about these things. I thought that video was hot... really hot..." He's stroking around the top of your cleavage now.

"Umm... you watched it?" you ask nervously. This is starting to make you feel uncomfortable and you don't like where it seems to be going.

"Shit Melissa, every guy in school has watched it!" he laughs. "Fuck, I couldn't stop jerking off to it this morning..." His hand now slips down under your top, cupping one of your heavy breasts and giving it a squeeze. "You know, I've always loved your tits Melissa... it was great to see you bouncing them around..." Your eyes widen in surprise and you don't know what to say. "God, I wish I'd known what a slut you were earlier!" he exclaims with a lustful grin. "You really do have the perfect face to cum on..." He yanks down your top and bra on one side, pulling one of your breasts free and letting it hang out fully exposed. His other hand starts unzipping his jeans, and you look down to see him pull his cock out, already raging fully erect. "Beth never lets me cum on her face... thinks she's too good for it..." You sit frozen in shock as he continues squeezing and groping your breast, his hand now beginning to stroke his hard cock up and down as he lets out a groan of pleasure. "At least she lets me fuck her in the ass. I wonder if yours is tighter? I guess not huh? How many guys have you had back there?"

"I... I don't..." You don't know what to say, you've never seen Nate like this before. He always seemed so respectful towards you... now he's talking just like that porn producer. Did he always have these thoughts about you? Your innocent crush on him evaporates. The way he's acting now disgusts you.

"Lost count, huh?" he laughs pervertedly. His hand now suddenly moves from his cock onto your head, gripping your ponytail and pulling your face down into his lap. The head of his cock pokes your cheek, smearing sticky precum around and leaving a trail on your skin, the musky scent filling your nostils. "Suck it slut!" he demands impatiently, giving your ass a firm slap with his other hand making you squeal. You want to get out of the car but he's gripping your hair tight and you don't know what to do. You close you eyes and sigh defeatedly as you resign yourself to giving another blowjob under compulsion. You open wide and wrap your lips around his cock, but almost as soon as you do so he thrusts his hips upwards while pushing your head down, forcing his cock into your throat and making you gag.

"Fuck, I love that sound..." he chuckles as he starts fucking your face in a rhythm, forcing you to gag again each time your head is forced down. His other hand grabs you breast which is hanging down loose out of your top as you lean forwards and squeezes it again, painfully hard this time.

"Ahhh... fuck..." he groans as you suddenly feel his cock pulsating in your mouth. He's only thrusted in your mouth a few times so far and you're taken completely by surprise when hot jets of cum suddenly begin shooting out inside your mouth and straight into your throat making you cough and choke. You try to pull back to recover but he keeps your head forced down on his cock. "Swallow it bitch!" You try your best to swallow down the sticky ropes between your coughs and splutters. After the hot jets decline to a trickle you finally have a chance to breathe, but he keeps your mouth pressed onto his cock as the remnants of his orgasm ooze out onto your tongue. Your mouth is now filled with the gross taste of his cum. Finally he lets you up. At least this is over now...

"Shit... guess that's what happens when you don't get time to cum in the morning..." he chuckles. "That felt amazing, though... I can't wait to fuck your ass..." You stomach knots in panic, you can't take any more of this.

"I... I'm sorry, I, um, have to go now..." you tell him, starting to open the car door, but he grabs your wrist to stop you.

"What's the rush? I'm not done with you yet" he says demandingly, pulling you towards him, his other hand now finding your neck and gripping your throat.

"Please, just let me go!" you wail, pushing back against him.

"Bitch!" You reel as his hand strikes your cheek hard. You pull away from him, stumbling out of the car door.

"Fuck you, whore!" he shouts after you with venom in his words, before driving away. As you gaze at the street signs around you trying to work out where you are you rub your cheek, now stinging in pain. You can't believe how Nate treated you after seeing that video. You feel like you should warn Beth about her boyfriend's rapey behaviour and what he made you do, but you realize that after this morning's developments she'd almost certainly believe his word over yours. You'd always thought he was your friend, but to him you were nothing more than a human fleshlight. And if that's what he thought of you, what about everyone else? Like he said, every guy in school must have seen that video. Every guy in town, probably. You know you need to get out of this place as soon as possible. But where can you go? You have no money, no friends out of town you can stay with.

Suddenly your phone rings, and you look at it to see the number belonging to Model Futures... or whatever that company really was.


After the way you've been treated you really don't want to answer, but you feel like you have no choice. With that humiliating video of you on their site you feel your fate is in their hands. If there's some way to convince them to take the scene down you have to try it. Of course, it's too late to preserve your reputation around here, but it might save you trouble in the future. Reluctantly you answer the call.

"Hiii is that Melissa? It's Bailey from Model Futures calling." You're surprised to hear a woman's voice on the other end, you only spoke to John before.

"Uhh, yes, I, ummm..." you try to sound confident and collected so they'll take you seriously but you're already stumbling over your words and don't really know where to begin.

"I'm pleased to say your first scene with us has been very popular. We-"

"I... I didn't want to film that!! You tricked me!!" you interrupt, your voice is wavering with emotion.

"I'm sorry you feel that way, Melissa" she replies in a sympathetic tone. "But I'm afraid the terms were all laid out clearly in the contract you signed."

"You have to take it down! Please!! Everyone thinks I... t-thinks I'm, like, a slut..." You realize you aren't exactly making a compelling argument. "I'm not a slut!!" you insist. You can still taste Nate's cum in your mouth.

"I'm sorry Melissa, but you did give the company your permission to upload it. I wish I could help you but it's out of my hands" You hear pity in her voice that sounds genuine.

"But I, like, um..." You feel too ashamed to admit to her that you didn't read the contract.

"What I can offer you is four thousand dollars."

"Four... thousand?" You're taken aback by her words, you've never seen that much money before.

"Four thousand" she confirms. "We need to pay you for your work with us. All you have to do is come and shoot one more scene-"

"No way!!" you protest, feeling betrayed by the sudden catch. "Just pay me for the first scene!!"

"Well, I'm afraid your contract said you would be filming vaginal sex for us. If you don't fulfill your contract we can't pay you anything. Just one more scene and the money is all yours..." she promises. You want no part in this. You hate the thought of whoring yourself out. But if you're going to start any kind of life away from your hometown, you really need that money to get yourself on track. Besides, it seems like the damage has already been done. Filming the first scene has destroyed your reputation completely, you don't see how doing a second could harm it any further. Still, you don't know if you can stomach another round of abuse. Not like that casting.

"Do I have to get... get cum in my eyes again, and do a, like, rimjob, and, like..." You shudder, trying not to relive the most gross and humiliating parts.

"I promise you won't have to do anything you don't want to. The director will make sure it's a completely professional shoot. We want you to feel as comfortable as possible, Melissa." Bailey sounds trustworthy and reassuring.

"I... I don't know..." As much as you want to reject her offer, the temptation is strong enough to make you hesitate.

"And we'll pay all your travel expenses again, of course. Just let us know when you're ready and we'll arrange everything."

"Hey Amber! Nice tits whore! " Suddenly your thoughts are interrupted as a passing stranger shouts at you. You suddenly realize one of your breasts is still exposed after your encounter with Nate and quickly try to cover yourself with one hand. "Get over here and suck my dick!" The man's hand is rubbing at his crotch as he starts walking over to you. You turn and run as fast as you can, until you reach a busier street and dash inside a shop. You look to see if the pervert has followed you but you don't see him. You can't stay in this town as the local rape bait. You need to get out of here right now. And right now you only have one way out. You call Bailey back.

"Can I fly today? I need... um, I'm ready to leave now..." You try not to sound too desperate.

"Um, sure." She sounds a little surprised by your sudden eagerness. "You can stay with a few of our girls tonight."

You realize you have nothing on you. Is it too risky to go back home? Hopefully your parents will still be out, but the thought of being caught by them is terrifying. You rush back as soon as you can. Your heart is pounding as you turn your key in the door and step inside, praying they aren't in. You breathe a sigh of relief as it seems like nobody is home. Running up the stairs to your bedroom you quickly grab a travel bag, stuffing it with as many essential items as you can. Are you really going to leave just like that? You feel horrible doing this but you just can't bear talking to you parents right now. Still, you don't want them assuming the worst, they might have the police out looking for you. You decide to leave a note telling them you're staying with a friend and you're sorry for everything. Hurriedly you rush out the door before they get home.

On the journey you try to just zone out listening to music and forget about everything, ignoring all the calls and messages you're getting. That evening you arrive at the address Bailey gave you, part of an apartment complex that looks like it's seen better days. This definitely doesn't seem like the best of neighbourhoods but at least people in this city aren't staring at you. No more than usual, anyway. Nervously you knock on the door.


Standing before you are three attractive girls who can't be much older than you are. All three have blue eyes, enviably tight bodies and are wearing nothing more than bikinis. Two of them have the same shade of blonde hair as you. The third's is only a little darker in tone.

"Hi, I'm Melissa... I was told to, um, stay here tonight?" you introduce yourself shyly. You wonder why they're all wearing bikinis but you're not quite sure how to bring that subject up.

"Hiii I'm Madi!" the girl on the right speaks up. "It's, like. So nice to, like, meet you" she giggles loudly.

"I'm Brittany!" the centre girl introduces herself with an equally loud giggle. She throws her arms around you in a hug which takes you by surprise. Her breath smells like vodka. You notice her pupils look very dilated, and Madi's seem the same. The girl on the left, on the other hand, seems determined to avoid making eye contact with you and is biting her lip nervously.

"I'm, uh, Kayla..." In contrast to the excessively bubbly demeanour of her two friends, her attitude seems overly serious. As you step into the apartment you find yourself more than a little underwhelmed. Somehow you were expecting somewhere more... glamorous? Or at least presentable. This place just looks like a dump, if you're being honest.

"Umm, where am I staying?" you wonder. Looking in one bedroom you see two beds clearly occupied, so you move to the next one but find that only has one bed in it. In fact this run-down little apartment hardly seems big enough to house three people, let alone four.

"Oh, you can have that room... I'll sleep on the couch tonight" Kayla replies.

"Oh, I didn't know this was yours. I can-"

"It's fine, really. Look, I'm, uh, sorry it's so cramped in here... you know, if you wanted to find a, like, hotel room or something instead, that's like, totally fine..."

"I, umm, I'm not sure I can afford that..."

"Oh... right..." She almost sounds like she's about to cry. You're sure this isn't just about sleeping on the sofa. As you put your bags down in Kayla's room she follows you inside, standing behind the door and fidgeting nervously as she watches you in silence. Suddenly she touches your shoulder and finally looks you directly in the eyes. "Melissa, you... you should..." Her voice seems filled with anxiety and concern and it seems like she has something gravely important to tell you. You listen expectantly, with growing trepidation, but after a long pause she just looks away again. "Sorry... I, uh... I should get you something to drink!" she says with a smile that looks very forced before virtually rushing out of the room to the kitchen.

You step out of the room, feeling creeped out by how Kayla was acting. Madi and Brittany are lying stretched out next to one another on one of the beat-up couches in the room, watching TV. Maybe they'll be better company? You can't help wondering why these girls are living like this if they're making so much money from porn. This place is very far from the lap of luxury. You look down at the pile of empty vodka bottles laying discarded on the floor beside them as you sit down on the other couch. You wait for the pair to make conversation, but they barely react to your presence, seeming to be very spaced out.

"So... you, um... you're, like... pornstars, right?" you eventually ask awkwardly to break the silence, causing both girls to suddenly burst into a fit of loud giggles.

"We suck cock for a living!" Madi announces loudly in a feverish tone.

"SSshhh!" Brittany nudges her before the two collapse into another fit of giggles. There's definitely something not right about these girls, about this place. You don't feel comfortable here at all. Maybe you should try and find somewhere else to stay after all. Of course, you don't have any friends in this city. You wonder if there's anywhere that will accept you with the little cash you have on you.

Before you can come up with another plan you suddenly hear the door opening, looking up to see a man entering. You're shocked when you realize it's John, the agent who abused you at the casting. You notice he locks the door again from the inside before he puts the key in his pocket.

"Miss me?" he smirks smugly as Madi and Brittany rise from the sofa and walk over to him. As Madi wraps her arms around him in a hug of greeting he meets her lips in a kiss, sticking his tongue into her mouth as his hands reach around to grope her buttocks, fingers sinking into the flesh, most of which is left bare by the skimpy bikini bottoms she's wearing. You tense up as you remember being forced into her position. His "greeting" must have lasted well over a minute before he pulls away from Madi, giving one of her breasts a quick squeeze before he embraces Brittany. Once again he goes in for a deep french kiss while groping her firm ass. Meanwhile Kayla returns from the kitchen, giving a quick glance in your direction, her eyes filled with what looks like remorse, as she walks over to John. You feel certain that his arrival is not a surprise to her. Now you're starting to make sense of the weird way she was acting around you. John gives Brittany's ass a slap, making her giggle vapidly, the two blondes returning to the couch as he now wraps his arms around Kayla to give her the same treatment, even more one-sided groping and kissing ensuing. You wonder what compels her to go along with all this as it's clear she isn't enjoying it in the slightest.

"No hug for me?" he looks at you expectantly. You remain seated, glaring at him with a wounded expression. You want to make a dash for the door but you know it's locked. You really don't want to be here but you realize you're effectively a prisoner right now.

"We'll have to work on that attitude" he chuckles, sitting down on the other couch with Madi and Brittany either side of him, their slender legs hooked over his thighs. They seem to know exactly what he expects of them, and look dead behind the eyes. He has an arm wrapped over each of their shoulders, stroking the bare skin of their backs and toned stomachs. Kayla meanwhile is staring down at the floor as she sits on the other end of the couch you're seated on.

"I thought we'd have a little surprise party to celebrate your arrival. I've invited a friend of mine along, too" he grins.

"I don't want to have a party. I want to leave." You reject his "offer" with as much firmness as you can muster. John only laughs, clearly totally uninterested in your opinion on the matter.

"Lighten up! This is going to be fun... " he smirks.


"I hope Kaylee gave you a warm welcome" John says giving Kayla a stern look. His left hand is now groping one of Madi's pert breasts while his right is leisurely squeezing Brittany's. Their manicured fingers are rubbing up and down his crotch, caressing the growing bulge you can see through the fabric. Kayla is still staring at the floor and won't look at you, biting her lip. "She's got a big mouth on her, that girl. I keep telling her it's gonna get her in trouble one of these days..." His tone sounds darkly threatening. You realize Kayla lured you into a trap but you can't help feeling pity for her, it seems clear she doesn't really want to be in this situation any more than you do. "Only one thing a whore's mouth is good for. Know what that is Melanie?" You shake your head, although you can guess well enough what this pervert is thinking. "You've got a lot to learn..." he smirks giving you a shiver of foreboding. "Kaylee?"

"Sucking cock, Sir" Kayla answers in an obedient deadpan, devoid of any emotion. John chuckles smugly before forcing his tongue down Madi's throat again. His hands now slip under their bikinis, pulling the garments aside as he cups their bare breasts, before turning his head to give Brittany a deep kiss.

"I loved fucking your pretty little mouth Melanie, but you really need to work on those blowjob skills. You could learn a thing or two from this pair..." he grins, still groping at the breasts of the two stunningly attractive blondes draped over him. "They're good little whores." He now places a hand of each of their blonde heads, pressing downwards. They offer no resistance and compliantly drop their faces to his crotch, their fingers hooking in his waistband as they roll the garment down his legs. His erection springs free of its confines, hitting Madi's lips and cheek with a light slapping noise.

You're sitting close enough to inhale the faint scent of his unwashed dick in the air, making you scrunch your cute nose up in displeasure as memories of that gross taste come flooding back to you. You look down at the floor, not wanting to witness anymore of what's currently unfolding. "Look at me bitch!" he demands in a tone that makes you flinch, and obediently you force yourself to look at the repulsive spectacle.

The blondes now begin planting wet kisses on his cock, taking one side each, their plump lips lavishing attention on the organ all the way from the slimy tip, lapping at the precum now oozing out, to the hairy balls hanging underneath, their pierced tongues running all over the wrinkled skin. He lets out a deep sigh of pleasure as the pair begin worshiping his cock, a wide grin fixed on his face. As they stuck their faces in his crotch the blondes naturally raised their firm asses into the air and John's hands now come to rest there, groping and squeezing each one with as much relish as he'd pawed at their breasts with a moment ago. They start licking up and down the length of his erection with long strokes of their hot tongues, planting a kiss on the swollen head every time they reach it, treating this gross pervert's genitals like a delicious lollipop they just can't get enough of, leaving it glistening all over with their saliva.

You wish you didn't have to watch this, but you don't want to draw anymore attention to yourself by displeasing him. You pray he'll just finish up with these two and leave you unscathed. You wonder how many times they've done this before. You don't envy their position, that's for sure.

"Of course, two heads are better than one..." he chuckles smugly, giving both girls a few firm spanks which resound loudly through the room, the two blondes giving little gasps at the sudden pain. Each of their tight asses is now adorned by a red handprint appearing on the smooth tanned skin. The strikes seem to spur them on and Madi now wraps her lips around the purple head, taking it into her mouth. John gives Brittany's ass another hard spank and she seems to know exactly what he expects of her, obediently sliding off the sofa and dropping to her knees between his legs as Madi bobs her head on his cock, starting slowly but quickly picking up the pace. Brittany lowers herself down, nestling her beautiful face between John's hairy thighs as she opens her mouth wide, sucking one of his bloated balls inside.

"Give me your throat bitch!" he demands impatiently, his hand moving to Madi's blonde locks, gripping them in a makeshift ponytail as he shoves her head down, forcing her throat open. Inch after inch of the thick shaft disappears inside the blonde's throat, sliding about two thirds of it inside before she gags and chokes loudly. "Ahh.. fuck that's good..." John lets out a loud, deep groan of pleasure as he keeps her head held down and his cock buried in her throat. "I need to start training you, Melanie" he smirks as he lets Madi pull up before immediately shoving her face back down again as Brittany continues sucking on his balls. More and more of his cock slides into her throat with every thrust as her gags and chokes start lubricating it with spit.

For a while John seems completely absorbed in the pleasure the two blondes are bringing him, but it's not long before he turns his attention back to you again. "Melanie my dear, you're looking a little overdressed for a whore" he smirks mockingly. Your stomach sinks. "Kaylee, help her out." At his command you feel Kayla pressing up behind you on the sofa and taking hold of your dress. You let her roll the garment up over you head and cast it aside, feeling you have no choice but to go along with this. Next you feel her unhooking your bra, letting your heavy breasts bounce free. Instinctively you cover them with your hands, not wanting to be exposed like this.

"Don't cover them you dumb bitch!" John reprimands you gruffly, making you flinch again. With a defeated sigh you lower your hands to your lap letting him see your breasts unobstructed. "At least you've got one thing going for you. Nice big tits" he grins lustfully, still fucking Madi's throat, the blonde taking his thick cock almost all the way down now. Streams of saliva are pouring out of her battered throat and running down his shaft, making a slimy mess of fluids all over Brittany's face as she worships his ballsack underneath. "Now why don't you two whores make yourself useful and put on a show for me" he orders you. "And you can go lower bitch" he adds as he grabs a handful of Brittany's hair, his balls leaving her lips with a wet plop as he now shoves her head down below, squashing her pretty face up against his hairy ass as she moans meekly, beginning to lavish her tongue strokes upon his hole. Madi reaches down to cup his slimy ballsack with her delicate fingers as he groans deeply in pleasure.

"I'm sorry, Melissa..." Kayla whispers in your ear over the sound of another loud retch coming from Madi's throat. Your blue eyes widen in surprise as you suddenly feel her hands reaching around your body from behind and cupping your breasts, the tips of her manicured nails sinking lightly into your skin. As John watches with a grin she starts slapping the undersides of your heavy breasts and bouncing them up and down. Before you know it her soft lips are pressed against your own in a kiss.

"Show me some tongue!" he demands and immediately you feel Kayla's tongue slipping inside your mouth and swirling around. Passively you let her do it, but don't make any effort to reciprocate. You know it's pointless to say you aren't into girls. You aren't into any of this and he couldn't care less about what you want. You suddenly give a little yelp, muffled by her lips, as she pinches your sensitive nipples hard between her fingers. John seems to be enjoying the show, thrusting even faster into Madi's throat as Brittany's tongue glides in and out of his asshole, giving that gross spot the same deep french kiss Kayla is giving you. Suddenly he releases his grip on Madi's head. She takes a deep breath to fill her lungs as more saliva pours from her abused mouth.

"Now you two sluts can show Melanie the proper way to take a facial" he smirks. Kayla pulls her lips from yours and tilts your head to watch the spectacle as Madi sinks down onto her knees next to Brittany. The two blondes open their mouths wide and stick their pierced tongues out, pressing their cheeks together and gazing up at him submissively as he jerks his thick cock above their beautiful faces, filling the room with slick wet sounds. A few seconds later he unloads, groaning loudly in pleasure. His first shot splatters Madi's nose and upper lip, splashing up into her nostrils, causing bubbles of cum to erupt from her nose as she winces. He aims his next jet at Brittany, coating her outstretched tongue and into the back of her mouth, causing her to cough and choke before another heavy glob of cum glues her right eye shut. The next shot leaves a thick sticky trail extending from Madi's left eye up over her forehead and into her blonde locks. More spurts splatter over the two girl's faces leaving them thoroughly glazed before Brittany takes his spent cock into her mouth, swirling her tongue around it and sucking on it tenderly, swallowing down the last droplets of cum, as Madi drops down lower and sucks his slimy ballsack into her mouth.

"Ahhh... good little whores...." he sighs in post-orgasmic bliss, leaning back on the couch with his hands behind his head, seeming to have temporarily forgotten about your presence again. The stink of his cum fills your nostrils and almost makes you gag as you remember being splattered with it.

You're hoping this "party" is over when you suddenly hear a knock at the door and remember that John mentioned inviting a "friend" earlier. Your stomach sinks.