It’s rarely that you find yourself alone with Sarah. On this occasion, no-one else is expected for at least half an hour. You make her a cup of coffee and take advantage of the opportunity to get to know her better.

You’ve lusted after Sarah for a while now, but you’ve never made a move on her. You can’t imagine that anything good would happen if you were ever to proposition her. Instead you make small talk and wonder if she suspects the depth of your feelings.

Sarah eventually gets up from the table to put her empty cup in the sink. She’s talking animatedly about something that happened last Tuesday, but your attention is elsewhere. As she walks away from you, your eyes drop to her ass. Today she’s wearing a tight miniskirt that hugs every curve of her glorious derriere. She has a truly magnificent bottom and you’ve fantasized about it often. You wonder how she’d react if she knew how many times you’ve shot your load while thinking about it…

“Hey, are you having a good look?” says Sarah, snapping her fingers and bringing you out of your reverie with a jolt.

“What? Sorry, what were you saying?” you stammer.

“My butt. Were you having a good look at my butt?” she asks evenly. “I can always tell when you’re sneaking a peek.”

You have no choice but to come clean. “Sarah, I’m sorry. I didn’t know I was so obvious.”

“Every time we see each other you can’t keep your eyes off my bottom. How do you think that makes me feel?” she asks quietly.

“I can’t imagine,” you admit. You feel ashamed that you’ve obviously made her feel like a piece of meat, fit only to be ogled. You have to try and fix the situation.

“I’m sorry, I’ll try to…” you begin.

“I’ll tell you how it makes me feel,” interrupts Sarah, leaning forward. “Do you want to know?”

“Um… yes?” you reply uncertainly. Whatever she’s about to say, you deserve it.

She looks into your eyes for several long seconds while you wither before her.

“I like it,” she finally says, smiling wickedly. “Every time I catch you staring at my butt it makes me feel sexy. I love knowing that my body turns you on!”

Your heart leaps into your throat and your cock stirs in your pants as if on cue. “You do have a fantastic ass, Sarah. I’m sure I’m not the only one who thinks so.”

She walks around to where you are sitting, then lifts herself up on to the edge of table and looks down at you warmly. “Is it just my ass you like?”

You are quick to avoid falling into that particular trap. “Oh no, you’re the complete package, Sarah. I’ve wanted you for ages!” It feels so cathartic to finally tell her how you feel.

“Oh really?” she smiles. Then she leans forward and whispers into your ear.

“Do you want to touch it?”

This is an unexpected but very welcome invitation. You don’t have to think twice.

“Of course I do!” 

Sarah slithers off the table, then turns around and bends over it, resting on her elbows.

“Go on then. If you want to touch it so much, it would be cruel of me not to let you!” She gives her ass a little wiggle and giggles flirtatiously.

You get up from your chair and stand beside her, then reach out your hand. Not quite believing this is happening and fearing a trap, you initially place it on her hip.

“Now listen,” she says suddenly, raising herself up on to her hands and twisting to face you. “Just because I’m letting you grope my bottom, doesn’t mean we’re doing anything else, okay?”

You’ll take what you can get. “Whatever you say, Sarah. You’re calling the shots.”

She smiles and gives you a kiss on the cheek. “Don’t you forget it!” she replies, then resumes her position bent over the table. Propped on her elbows she thoughtfully presses her stomach down, curving her back so that her ass is presented to full, glorious effect. Her tight skirt is stretched taut over her tantalizing curves, threatening to burst at the seams.

You slide your hand from her hip on to her right buttock and rest it there for a moment, feeling the shape and the warmth. When it becomes apparent that yes, she’s really letting you do this, you squeeze it firmly. There isn’t much give — her skirt is holding everything in tightly.

Your hand roams to her other cheek and you squeeze that too, then you start fondling her in earnest, sliding your palm all over her ass. But her most intimate curves elude you, protected by the tight barrier of her skirt.

It appears that Sarah can read your mind. “Pull my skirt up. Have a proper feel,” she suggests.

You place your hands on her outer thighs, just below the hem line. Then you slide them up to her hips, bunching up her skirt to her waist. It’s so tight that there’s no risk of it falling back down again.

Sarah’s panties are now revealed and you take a sharp breath. They’re tight, pink, skimpy and sheer. You can clearly see her ass crack through the semi-transparent material. They are not quite on straight — one side reveals a little more cheek than the other because they are slightly, ever so slightly, riding up between her buttocks. You pull them free and straighten them up. Perfection.

“You like?” asks Sarah coquettishly.

“Oh yeah!” You reply is half groan.

You run your hand over Sarah’s silky panties. Now you gain a proper appreciation of the softness and pliability of her gloriously rounded bum cheeks. You get rougher, grabbing handfuls of warm, slightly-wobbly flesh and messing up the alignment of her knickers. You press your fingers between her cheeks, pushing her panties into the depths of her ass crack, and slide your fingers down deeper until you can feel the folds of her cunt through the thin material. She sighs gently as you rub her slit back and forth, pressing her panties between her lips.

You are about to work your fingers under the gusset when she reaches back and grabs your wrist. “That’s going a little too far!” she chastises, pulling your hand back up on to her ass.

“You’re such a fucking tease, Sarah,” you groan.

“Oh yeah?” she replies. “Well, what are you going to do about it? Spank me?”

Your cock instantly grows another inch in your pants upon hearing this suggestion. “Maybe I will!” you respond firmly. You grab her wrist with your other hand and pin it to the small of her back. Then you give her a sharp smack across the right cheek.

Sarah yelps in surprise and squirms around, but you are able to hold her down easily. With her panties pushed up her ass crack, her left cheek is almost completely exposed. You give it a spank and it quivers, reddening instantly.

“Oooh. You’re the man! Spank me like a naughty girl!” she teases.

“You are a bad girl, Sarah,” you reply, smacking her harder and making her gasp. You grab the waistband of her panties and tug them down to her upper thighs in one quick motion. Sarah’s glorious bottom is completely exposed and you spank her half a dozen times while she struggles on the table.

“Jesus, I fucking love being spanked!” sighs Sarah happily while you gently kneed and stroke her sore buttocks. You kneel down and kiss her bare bottom to make it better, pressing your face hard into her soft flesh. Then you stand behind her and press your throbbing bulge against her ass to reveal how much you appreciate it.

“Keep that thing zipped up!” warns Sarah as you place your hands on her hips and grind against her. A minute or two of this and you’ll cum in your pants. You reach around and slide your hand down to her pussy from the front. Your middle finger parts her lips and slides into her crevice, finding it hot and wet. 

Sarah gently pushes you back with one hand on your chest. Her face is flushed and her breathing is heavy. “I think I’ve let you make me a little hornier than I planned,” she admits. “I think I might have to let you do one more thing…”

“Name it, Sarah” you reply, heart beating wildly and dizzy with lust.

She pauses, seeming conflicted as to whether she should continue. Then she obviously decides to throw caution to the wind. She hops back up onto the table and draws her legs up, resting her heels on the edge. She pulls her panties down past her knees then kicks them off and spreads her legs, flashing a very pretty-looking pussy at you.

“I’ve gotta cum. Are you any good with your tongue?”

You smile wickedly in response and drop to your knees, your head level with her crotch. You grab her waist and pull her toward you so that her calves dangle over your shoulders, then take a deep breath and dive in.

Sarah must pay attention to her hygiene because there’s no bitter taste, just the warm earthy smell of a woman in heat. You lap her pussy slit up and down, working your tongue between her delicate inner lips and poking the tip into her tight opening. Then you slither upward and press hard against the hard little bud of her clitoris.

Sarah lets out a sexy whimper. Encouraged, you make a seal with your lips around her hood and suck her clit into your mouth, flicking it with your tongue. Without stopping, you insert two fingers into her pussy, just past the second joint, and start rubbing against the area where the mythical G-spot is supposed to be.

You find it. Sarah shrieks in pleasure and grabs you by the back of your head, pulling you tight against her pussy as she cums wetly in your face. Her thighs clamp against your ears, trapping you between her legs as her hips buck uncontrollably. You are lucky to avoid a neck sprain.

When you are finally released you stand up and survey the damage, wiping spit and girl-juice from your face. Sarah is splayed lewdly on the table, her skirt around her waist, looking very happy.

You’ve got to release the pressure in your pants. You unzip and let your jeans and underwear drop, taking your engorged penis in your hand.

This doesn’t escape Sarah’s attention. “Did I make it all big and hard? Okay, you can jerk yourself off. You deserve it!”

You shuffle closer, slowly stroking and squeezing your dick. A drop of precum appears on the tip.

“That’s a bit close, don’t get any on me!” says Sarah chirpily.

You place your knob between her wet, pink inner lips and push.

“Hey, wait, I didn’t say you could…” begins Sarah, now looking a little alarmed.

You grab her hips and sink your cock deep into the warm, welcoming embrace of her pussy.

“Wait… I didn’t say you could…” protests Sarah. You note that she is making no attempt to escape.

You pull back, then slam deep again. “What were you saying, Sarah?”

“I didn’t say you could… unnghh… fuck me!”

You thrust again. “What was that last part?”

“Fuck me! I didn’t say you could… Unnggghhh!”

“What?”

“Fuck me! Fuck me!”

Well, that settles it. You pump into Sarah faster and faster, your heart beating fit to explode as you near your climax. She grabs the edge of the table with her hands to hold herself in place and pushes back against you.

“Ahem!”

Over the rhythmic slapping sound of flesh against flesh you hear the sound of someone clearing their throat. Sarah’s eyes widen in shock and her pussy clamps down on your dick. You freeze, then turn your head slowly. You already know who it is… 

Your wife is standing in the doorway, hands on her hips. “So, I can’t even leave you alone for an hour without you fucking some slut?”

This is bad. You try to think of something to say but only come up with “Uh…”

“Don’t try to make excuses,” says your wife, walking over to where you and Sarah are frozen mid-coitus. “Sarah. I would’ve guessed it’d be her.”

She reaches out and runs a lock of Sarah’s hair through her fingers. “I suppose I can’t blame you. She’s sexy as fuck. I’d kill for an ass like hers.”

Your wife then slides her hand behind Sarah’s head and forces her to look into her eyes. “And you. You’ve always wanted my husband, haven’t you? I’ve seen how you look at him.”

Sarah bites her lip and stares back defiantly but says nothing as your wife caresses her cheek. “Okay, you’d better finish what you started. Don’t leave the poor girl hanging!” she says kindly, releasing Sarah and pulling out a chair from the table to give herself a ringside seat.

This is a pleasant turn of events. You resume thrusting into Sarah’s snug pussy while your wife offers encouragement and suggestions.

“That’s it. Give it to her! Fuck her nice and hard!”

Sweat starts to form on your brow as you hammer Sarah relentlessly. Your wife alternates between roughly pinching Sarah’s nipples and smacking your ass.

“Yeah, fuck Sarah. Fuck the shit out of that little bitch cunt!” she purrs. You didn’t realize your wife had such a foul mouth.

“Who are you calling a b… uh… uh…” grunts Sarah, before her eyes roll back and her back arches. Her whole body trembles from her insides out as she’s wracked by a powerful orgasm that leaves her gasping for air.

You don’t cum simultaneously. Instead you pound Sarah’s whimpering, ravaged body for another minute before your balls start to erupt. You pull her to you with your hands on her thighs and try to shove as much of yourself into her as you can while your cock bathes her cervix with spurt after spurt of warm sticky love. Then you fall forward on top of her.

“Well done, babe,” says your wife, pulling her wet fingers out of her own pussy and shoving them into Sarah’s mouth to be sucked clean. “We’re going to have lots of fun with her!”

Panting and exhausted, you and Sarah can only nod your assent.