It all starts as a pretty normal conversation with Kimberly. You mention how lucky you feel that you don’t have any Bitcoin, given that the cryptocurrency just completely imploded and left a bunch of nerds completely broke and back in their parents’ basements. Then you both start brainstorming other ways to make money.

“I hear it’s pretty easy to sell your own porn these days,” says Kimberly, completely out of left field. You almost spit out your coffee.

“Huh?”

“I said I heard that it’s easy to make your own porn videos and sell them on the internet,” she repeats blithely. “Do you know anything about that?”

“Why would you think I’d know about that?” you ask warily.

Kimberly cocks an eyebrow at you. “Really? You’re going to pretend you’re not into that stuff?”

You permit yourself a half-smile. “Well, I might’ve heard some things too.”

“So how do you do it?” Kimberly asks again, presumably out of academic interest.

You clear your throat. “Well, apparently there are websites you can upload videos to. They host them and sell them for you, in exchange for a commission.”

“That’s it?” she asks, looking intrigued.

“Well, the hard part is getting your clips visible for people to find them.”

“And how would one go about doing that?”

You pause before answering. She’s trying to coax information out of you on a subject that you don’t particularly want to admit a deep knowledge of! But she seems genuinely curious and not judgmental, so you throw caution to the wind. “One way is to put a sample on all the Tube sites, watermarked with your link.”

Her face falls. “It sounds difficult.”

“It’s just basic video editing. You’d need to edit the original clip too — you know, to remove your stuff-ups and make it tighter.”

“So, you could do that?”

“Me? Sure. If kids on YouTube can do it, I’m sure I could too.”

“Hmm, interesting,” she says.

You carry on, happy to be educating her on a subject dear to your heart. “You don’t even need to have real sex, just pretend you’re doing it with the camera. The main thing is to find a niche. There’s so much free stuff out there that you need to be different to stand out.”

“So you’d need to do something really sick and gross?”

“No, Kimberly, that’s not what I meant,” you say condescendingly. “Those websites don’t accept anything extreme or illegal. You have to be creative.”

“How do you mean?”

“There’s a lot of roleplay. What you say can be even more important than what you show.”

“Like calling them Daddy?”

“Um, yeah. Stuff like that.” You’re starting to get a little uncomfortable now. “You’re asking a lot of questions about this, Kimberly. Any particular reason?”

She leans forward conspiratorially and whispers in your ear, “I thought I might give it a try.”

You pull back in surprise, completely dumbstruck. “Really?” you eventually croak.

“Yeah, it sounds fun,” she replies. “I thought you might be able to help me with it.”

“Help you?” you stammer, head swimming and heart aflutter. “You want me to be in it with you?”

Kimberly scoffs. “No, silly. Just help with the camera and lighting and do the editing and uploading and promotion and stuff.”

“So, basically all the work?” you laugh.

“We can split the profits,” she offers.

You calm your breathing. If Kimberly is serious, then this is a really exciting proposition. At the very least you’ll get to see her say and do things that until now you could only fantasize about. “I suppose I could do that,” you agree.

“Great! But don’t tell anyone about this, okay? It’s just our little secret. I don’t want anyone finding out!”

“I promise,” you say sincerely. She should be fairly safe from being accidentally discovered by her friends or family. Unless her videos get popular, of course…

You spend the next half hour hashing out the details. Kimberly doesn’t want to be easily recognized, so she’ll do her hair and makeup differently. You also need a nondescript location, so she’ll organize a room for tomorrow lunchtime at a cheap motel nearby. She’ll get there first and pay, so that no-one is out of pocket if she chickens out. Meanwhile you’ll hunt down some lighting and other equipment before meeting her there.

“So what niche do you think would sell best?” she finally asks.

“Hmm, let me give that some thought.”

You spend the night tossing around possibilities. You think of all the porn that turns you on, and all the porn you wish was out there but you’ve been unable to find. Then you imagine Kimberly in the starring role, and before you know it, you’ve spent the whole night beating off. Finally you decide on something you think might work.

The next morning you gather the equipment, then wait for the call. Your hopes are up, but realistically you’re expecting her to cancel.

Then, amazingly, the call comes. Kimberly gives you the motel room number, and within fifteen minutes you’re lugging the gear through the door while she watches nervously. She’s wearing a fluffy bathrobe, perhaps concealing something sexier underneath. You also notice a small suitcase in the corner and wonder what might be in there.

“I’ve been thinking about this all night,” she admits.

“Me too.”

“It’s been making me so horny, I can’t wait to get started,” she confides, biting her lip.

You can feel your dick start to stiffen in your pants at the thought of what is to come. “Just give me a minute,” you say as you set up the lights around the bed and screw your camera to the tripod.

“So what niche did you decide on?” she asks, bouncing her ass on the mattress to test out its springiness. “What do you want me to do?” 

“Believe it or not there’s a lot of people out there with foot fetishes,” you say to her.

“So what does that mean for me?” she asks.

“Well, how would you feel about giving me a foot-job on camera?” you suggest, fingers crossed.

Kimberly thinks it over for a while before coming to her conclusion. “Okay I guess I’ll do it, but this doesn’t make me your girlfriend.”

Your heart sinks slightly after that. “Great, wanna get started then?”

Kimberly nods. “Should I leave my socks on or take them off?” She’s wearing very thin material socks, and they look sexy on her feet.

“I think you should leave them on for now, but maybe take them off further into the clip.”

She agrees, then gets into position on the bed. She’s lying on her back with her legs hanging off. You walk over and start the video, then approach her from out of frame.

Kimberly immediately presses her foot against your crotch, which is covered with clothing for now. She runs her foot up and down your hardening shaft, and uses her other foot to fondle your balls through your shorts.

You take your shorts off and your underwear to reveal your solid tool to her. She quickly wraps her toes around your dick and pumps them back and forth, causing you to moan slightly.

“You like my toes wrapped around your cock? Huh?” She emphasizes the “huh” with a tight squeeze of her toes. And that makes precum ooze out of your dick, lubing her feet slightly and covering her socks in a thin layer of it. She lets one of her feet travel to your scrotum and fondle it again, so she’s gently stroking your balls with her socked foot.

Kimberly moves her left foot from your dick up to your face and gives you a nod. You can’t believe she’s letting you do this, but you guide her foot towards your mouth and kiss her sole. She moves her other foot back up to your dick and strokes it, then she leans forward and spits on your cock and her toes to lube them up. Now she’s sliding her right foot back and forth along your dick while you begin to suck on her toes through her sock.

She moans from the feeling, “Oh that feels so good baby.” You wonder if she meant to call you that.

Kimberly begins to finger herself through her panties, and while she’s distracted with pleasuring herself you slip her socks off. She has beautiful feet, with very smooth skin and painted nails. You grab both of her feet and wrap them around your dick, then you start to thrust in and out between her soles.

She’s still playing with her pussy, which has created a wet puddle on the bed in front of her. She looks at the camera and you and says, “you want to see this pussy don’t you baby?” She smacks her vag through her under garments, then slowly slides them off revealing her wet, pink folds and the base of her ass.

Your dick twitches in excitement as she begins to remove her bra as well. She reaches for her nipple and takes it into her mouth then releases it. She beckons for you to lie down on the bed and you eagerly join her. Then Kimberly wraps her sexy soles around your shaft, leans forward, and begins sucking you off while simultaneously giving you a foot-job. You had no idea she was so flexible. She licks her own feet as she’s deep-throating you, creating a sheen of her saliva on her feet.

You grab the back of her head and begin forcing it down on your cock. “I’m cumming, Kimberly!” you exclaim. Then you squirt a load into her mouth before pulling out and decorating her feet with jizz.

Kimberly swallows the cum in her mouth, then proceeds to lick the rest off of her soles and pretty toes while you watch, panting heavily.

“So, was that any good? Did you get it all on camera?” she eventually asks.

You realize that you had forgotten completely about the camera, and it’s likely that your own body blocked a lot of the action.

“I’m not sure,” you admit. “We might need to shoot some pickups. Just give me five minutes to recover…” 