And find yourself staring at the underside of a wrecked ambulance. You can hear the drip of something nearby and smell the sickly sweet odor of gasoline. Tears flood your eyes as you start the feel the pain of your injuries. You roll over on the ground, wincing as the tiny rocks of the concrete dig into your hands. In front of you, you can see that the ambulance must have crashed into a light pole or something, and the loud humming of electricity can be hear coming from above.

You slowly crawl out from under ambulance and stand. The sun is setting over a suburban neighborhood.... an abandoned, desolate place...

Your body tenses suddenly as you hear a low, jarring moan come from one of the houses nearby accompanied by the sounds of ripping and tearing and the choked yelp of a dog. You hear glass breaking down the street, and then more and more sounds fill your ears as you start to fully come to your senses.

"Oh... oh god no..." you whisper to yourself, panicking. "The virus...The virus must have leaked... Fuck I've got to get out of here!" 

Down the street,  you see a handful of zed shamblers milling about. A few more furtive glances and you see that most of them have already turned to head in your direction.

You roll your eyes. "Fan... Fucking... Tastic..." you sigh angrily to yourself. You look at your surroundings. You know this part of town.

Becca's gun shop is nearby. She's one of those survivalist preppers. She's probably still alive.

You head in that direction.

When you arrive, you see that the door is gone. The windows are broken and blood stains cover that the floor. Numerous bullet holes cover the glass and walls.

You would normally be worried, but you're thankful for a way in. You go inside the shop.

The inside of the shop is a complete wreck. The counters are overturned and displays are broken, some of the goods are missing. Most of them appear to be guns.

You nod sarcastically. "Seems about right, I reckon," you mutter to yourself.

You head to the back, where the hatch to her underground bunker is. You grab one of the last pistols lying around on the way.

You open the hatch, which moans and protests loudly, and descend down to the darkness.

You call out. "Becca, it's me, Ben! I'm here to help!"

You close the hatch behind you and make your way into the bunker. Luckily, she gave you a tour a month back before shit fell apart.

"You're late!" You hear Becca's voice say from somewhere in the darkness. "How did you get in here? It's secure!"

"I...I found the door open.

You say "And well, I might've paid attention to how you unlocked it before too," you chuckle. "Sorry I'm late. My ambulance had a date with a power pole."

Becca lets out a humorless chuckle.

"Yeah, it's nice to see you too, Ben. The lights are out in here, you coming or what?"

You let out a sigh of relief.

You say "Yeah, I'm here. So how's it going down here? We're safe right?"

You look around at the dark bunker.

You see a lot of equipment that you recognize, scattered about the room. There's a first aid kit, a hammer, a large object that could be a gun, two wrenches, and several other items.

You say "Just us here, Becca?"

"Yeah, just me and my bunker. Let's get to it."

You and Becca go through the whole "What do you see?" and "What do you hear?"

You finally relax when she's satisfied that the bunker is secured.

"Alright, that's good. That's good. So, now what?"

Becca goes through the basics of keeping up her strength and keeping herself hydrated.

You toss your backpack on the table. "Here. I found what I could on the way. It's not much, but every bit helps."

Becca's eyes widen when she sees the packages of meat. She drops her canteen and motives.

"Meat? You brought meat?"

You nod.

You say "Wanna thank me with a kiss? I think there's a little camping stove in there too."

Becca's eyes twinkle at the prospect of cooking with you. She heads over to you, and gives you a peck on the lips.

"You're welcome," she says, smiling.

You say "Couldn't ask for a better partner to ride out the apocalypse with," you smile. "Hungry?"

Becca bites into a meat strip, chewing slowly.

"Yeah, I am," she smiles.

You quickly set up the canteen to boil water, and light a fire.

You pull out a pack of hot cocoa powder and little marshmallows from your pocket and grin. "Want some hot chocolate, my queen?"

Becca stares at the marshmallows, as if they have called her name. Then, without hesitation, she digs into it.

You share your meal with her and it's nice, all things considered. A little bit of normal humanity, and even some playful banter.

Eventually, you have nothing left to eat and collapse into your bed. The exhaustion catches up with you and you slip into an exhausted sleep.

You awake to Becca shaking you. You rub your eyes and sit up.

You throw caution to the wind and kiss her.

She laughs and dives into the lake. You stand up and jump in after her. You swim out a little ways, far enough from the bank that you're certain to not get swept away.

You laugh with her. Her 'lake' is actually a small indoor pool. There's a mural painted on the back wall of mountains. It's a silly but welcome theme.

You surf the waves together, and throw frisbees around. The day passes into an evening with a picnic in the sun, then a bonfire, then a ride on the Ferris wheel.

You smile at her. That's the story you share, anyway. You spend the day pretending the bunker is the outside, like kids playing make believe. It helps keep you sane.

After your evening rations, you wrap your arms around her and snuggle close. Both of you cherish what might be your only human contact from here on.

You see the sun set behind the hills as twilight gives way to the night. The stars appear, one by one.

She whispers 'I love you' into your ear and you hold her tighter.

You say "Good. Cuz I'm not going anywhere," you laugh and kiss her forehead. "I love you too, Becca. I'd be dead if you didn't set this all up."

Becca turns to you and kisses you deeply. You feel a burst of energy run through you, and your muscles tighten, drawing closer.

"I love you...I want you..." she moans.

You nod and moan with her as you both scramble out of your clothes. "If this is our last night together, baby girl, let's make the most of it!"

Becca breaks off to stare deep into your eyes. You stare back, as she slowly lowers herself onto you. Your faces are centimeters from each other.

"I want to remember you," is all she says.

You kiss her deeply as you thrust into her, your hands roaming over her luscious body.

She breaks off the kiss, and her eyes widen.

"M-more kisses...?" she asks, a grin spreading across her face.

You nod eagerly, and she giggles.

You kiss her lips, her chin, her cheeks, all over her face and neck, as your hands grip her ass.

She laughs and pushes you against the wall with her tiny body, kissing you as your hands grip her soft ass. You feel your length throb in your pants, as she grinds herself against you.

"Fuck, Becca, I've wanted you so bad," you breathe into her ear, and she laughs.

You slip out of the rest of your clothes and crash down on the bed with her, naked and grinding each other.

Her body is warm and smooth under your hands, and you feel her writhe against you.

"Mmmm..." she moans.

"I want you inside me," she says.

"I want that too," you groan.

You begin to grind against her, and she wraps one of her legs around your waist, pushing your rock-hard member deeper inside her.

You make passionate love with her throughout the night. It's an oasis of pure bliss, hidden away from the chaos.

You take her hot mouth in a kiss, the shock of her cold lips invigorating you. She grinds herself on you, and you push deep inside, smashing your lips together as you stare into the sparkle of her eyes.

"I want you."

This is the first thing she says.

You "Cum for me, baby girl. That's all we have left," you moan, thrusting harder and faster.

You push deep inside her, and she whimpers into your mouth as she begins to cum. You feel your own orgasm begin to rise, and you hold hard inside her as you spurt deep inside her.

You lock eyes with her as you fill up her womb. You both share this moment, unsure if you have a duty to have a child now, or even if you should. You leave it up to fate.

You stare into her eyes, and your heart skips a beat. You feel your hot, thick liquid shoot deep inside her, and you lock eyes with her.

You say "Tell me you want babies, Becca," you say with a smile as you brush her cheek. "They might be the last of us."

She bites her lip nervously and looks away.

"I...I want that." she says quietly as you smile.

You feel your heart melt, and you smile as you hold her close.

You giggle and break the sweet but awkward tension with a joke, saying, "I guess you'll have to milk me dry every day until we have one then, huh? Think you can handle that?"

She stares at you with her bright eyes, and her mouth drops open slightly as her whole face turns into a grin.

"Oh really? You'll let me live that one?" she smiles.

You chuckle. "Ha! you'll let you do anything you want, your queen," you bow before kissing her.

She wraps her arms around your head and pulls you into a kiss, as your hands grasp her soft ass. Her tongue slides into your mouth, and you taste blood from where you bit your lip earlier.

You say "We're gonna have to go hunt for supplies soon. Don't die on me out there. Promise me."

She stares at you, nodding slowly, then leans in and kisses you deeply, and you feel your whole body go warm.

"I'll try my best."