You open your eyes, once exhausted after a night of staring at electronic screens. The harsh light of the Sun has been shining on your face for hours, yet only now your body decides to resume conscious activity. 

Even after sleeping for almost half a day, you feel tired and without the energy to carry out the day's activities. Not like you do much these days anyway. 

Your long, tangled hair falls on your shoulders as you sit up on your bed, the rest of your thin, lightly dressed body bathed in the sunlight coming from the window.

The cacophonous melody from the urban sprawl that makes your home does nothing to wake you further, the product of a lifetime living in the city. It never ceases, no matter the time of day or whatever activity you may carry out, whether drowning your soul in liquor, doping in caffeine to finish assignments in time, or satisfying your womanly desires by yourself; the drone of motor vehicles starting and stopping, cruising and dashing, beeping and wailing, has been a constant for your entire life.

Just as the city's song is always the same, your days have turned into just that. 

You look at the clock on your bedside table. 2 PM, a little earlier than usual.

You get out of bed and let hard wired routine take over, your slender legs carrying you to the bathroom.

Half-consciously your hands move left and right, allowing the toothbrush to do its job on your pearl-white teeth, followed by spitting the paste into your sink. A look at the messy mane over your head convinces you that fixing it at this point in time is not worth the effort, then you proceed to exit the bathroom in order to make yourself some food. 

So far, nothing seems to dispel the notion that this day will be the exactly the same.

10 PM. The day has been uneventful so far.

You did some pending assignments that really weren't worth the effort, and now you have spent the last few hours in front of your computer. You are on a Discord server of one of your interests, one that some of your friends had invited you to, but nowadays you do not interact much.

However, a strange occurrence draws your attention. 

A new person joins the server. This is not something extraordinary, people join and leave the server all the time as it is of large size, but this new user is different. The bot that is assigned to announce the arrival of new people reads the user's name as Frizz. For some reason, this seemingly innocent and harmless nametag has a weird allurance to it.

Although an unusual feeling, you continue with your other activities, while keeping an eye on the server's message flow. 

11 PM. This day is most unusual.

The new user has been in the server for about an hour now, and since the moment Frizz sent his first message you have not been able to keep your eyes off the screen. 

Everything he says has a mighty energy to it, drawing you in like an incautious moth to a pyre. All that he talks about is how much he wants to have sex with a woman, and every word he utters makes your heart race.

Every time he asks if a fictional female character would have sex with him, which he has done about 5 times in the past 30 minutes, your breath stills in anticipation.

Every time he pronounces his lust whenever a picture of a woman is uploaded to the channel, your mind goes numb. And every time he mentions how well-endowed he is, you feel your whole body warm up in desire.

Your longing for this man increases with every second, with every message and with every word he sends. 

The server's members do not get it. They see this man's dialogue and reject it, mocking his sincere words and ridiculing his character by calling him a weirdo, a pervert.

You ignore them, and instead strike up a conversation with him, breaking the silence that had marked your activity in the server for a good while now. You chat for a while, resulting in you ending up completely enamored with this specimen of masculinity, this exemplar of virility.

It's like you have fallen in love. Hell, you are definitely in love.

1 AM. The night is extraordinary.

You have added each other as friends on the messaging platform, and moved to their DMs. Now you know each other's characters, your traits and wants and needs. You tell him you want your relationship with him to be more than this, and he nervously obliges. You feel your underwear is drenched with moist anticipation. 

Frizz describes how he would gently caress you as his large lips push into your own, pink and flushed, your tongues massaging and contorting each other like mating vypers, your very being becoming overwhelmed with lust. 

He expresses clearly how his ebon-skinned, sinewy arms touch your body, going over your waist, your hips and your legs. He explains plainly how he takes those powerful, dark arms and undresses you, baring your youthful chest to the air, your nipples hard and bursting with arousal. He details how he licks them, with every brush of his tongue and the imprinting of his saliva on your skin filling you with ecstasy.

You then describe how you get on your knees at the level of his crotch, hungrily opening the zipper of his pants. You can imagine his erect member dashing into your field of vision, stiff as a mountain, as hard as a diamond, fitting such an irresistible man.

You picture yourself putting it in your mouth, your tongue wrapping around the hard mast as you are barely able to fit it. It is hard to suck and breathe at the same time, but you continue onwards.

Your sense of self lost to the desire for a big, black cock. Your head goes forwards and backwards in a relentless motion, accentuated by his sincere moans, your saliva washing his penis as you stroke it with your right hand. Your left hand is downwards, touching and rubbing your private parts, wishing to be penetrated even more with every passing second.

Frizz suddenly puts his massive hands on your head, and starts thrusting, reaching his threshold for pleasure. His moans become ever louder, his penis pulsating in your mouth. You can feel it coming, and your own stimulation becomes more frantic as you too reach your climax.

With a roar more than a moan, Frizz achieves an orgasm, and from his dick erupts an explosion of semen, filling your mouth and throat with his seed just as you cum from your own masturbation. It is hard to breathe, and you cough just as he removes his member from your mouth.

The sperm clogs your respiratory system but you don't mind it, as you have lost yourself to your lust and the need for his big black cock. 

Frizz describes how he lays your on your back. You can practically see him opening your legs and noticing his cock remains just as erect as before, probably even harder. The thought moistens you to levels you never thought possible. Every thought has gone away from your head, your very soul overwhelmed with your desire for his cock.

He narrates in vivid detail how he grabs you and slowly inserts his penis into you, the tip putting aside your vaginal lips. You might as well be feeling his penis making its way inside you, your vagina's walls tightening around his mast.

You could go insane just from the narration, let alone actually being penetrated. He finally reaches your cervix, just as you feel yourself being lost to the pleasure, yet he stops for the moment to allow you to get used to the sensation.

As you realize this, your love for him reaches heights never seen on this Earth. You beg him, almost as if you had lost your capacity for speech, to start moving, to make you his. Frizz obliges, and he begins thrusting slowly at first, then faster and faster.

You can feel every movement of his penis as it grazes the walls deep inside you, every thrust making you ejaculate. The entrance to the vagina and your clitoris have become red from how much you have massaged yourself, yet you feel no pain or show any signs to stop.

Just as you are about to cum again at the same time as him, Frizz asks you to send a picture of yourself before you cum. You happily oblige, taking your phone from the table. You are sitting on your chair, your legs open.

You had completely removed your clothing in the past minutes, your tender breasts and moist private parts bare to the future gaze of your lover. You put your hands to the level of your choice, lifting your index and middle fingers in a V-shape, doing the peace sign.

Your tongue is out, your eyes barely concentrating on the phone due to the ecstasy from the experience. You put the phone in position and snap, and send it through Discord, anticipating his response, thirsty and hungry for the climax provided by his narration.

His response is the last thing you would expect, however.

"What the fuck, you are black? Man, fuck this."

Having uttered those words, he unfriended you and left the server so fast you weren't able to respond. Emotional distress from losing the one man who had brought living and joy to your life and confusion over his last words, has left you paralyzed. 

Unable to think on a good course of action, reflecting on the events from the past hours, you decide to go to bed. Maybe some days are not exactly the same, after all.