Your wife’s friend Sandra is training to be a masseuse. She needs practice, so your trusting wife suggests that you might be a good subject. You pretend to be reluctant but you actually feel a surge of excitement in the pit of your stomach. You’ve always liked Sandra, but you’ve never gone further than a kiss on the cheek. Now she’s going to rub her hands all over your body!

You feel a flutter of nerves as you press the doorbell. It’s like a first date! Sandra answers the door and welcomes you in. She seems genuinely happy to see you and grateful that you could help out.

As usual, she’s made an effort to look nice. Her blonde hair is nicely styled and she has just enough makeup to enhance her natural good looks. Today she is wearing a short yellow summer dress with a plunging neckline and no outward signs of a bra underneath. It really shows off her slim but curvy figure.

She leads you into the spare bedroom. Walking behind her, you notice that her legs look amazing in high heels and you catch the sweet scent of her perfume.

There is a massage table in the room and Sandra bends forward to adjust some towels over it. In doing so, she unwittingly gives you a nice view of her dangling breasts.

Sandra leaves you to strip down to your underpants and lay face-down on the table. Eventually she returns with a bottle of warm massage oil.

The massage begins and you both make small talk. It soon becomes apparent that Sandra’s technique needs work. It feels more like groping and stroking than a proper massage, but she is unaware of this. As you lie there, being oiled and fondled by your wife’s best friend, you start wondering what she looks like naked. Occasionally her hip or stomach presses against your hand. Before long, you have a raging erection. Luckily Sandra can’t see it because you are face down.

“Okay, turn over now and I’ll do your front” says Sandra. 

You reluctantly turn over. If you had hoped that she wouldn’t notice your erection, then you were deluding yourself. Your cock is eight inches long and barely contained in your underpants, the long thick shaft aiming directly at your navel.

Sandra stifles a gasp and looks away. You both struggle to think of how to deal with the sudden elephant in the room.

Her hands are on your thighs, motionless. She bites her lip and looks down.

“Ummmm…” she says. 

You look around the room and start to whistle nonchalantly in an attempt to divert attention from your massive hard-on. For some reason, this doesn’t work.

“Does that always happen when you get a massage?” asks Sandra eventually, with a coy smile on her face.

“Um, no, not usually,” you reply.

“Is it just me, then?” she asks, looking you straight in the eye. One of her hands slides further up your thigh.

You don’t reply, but your dick twitches visibly and draws her attention. She stares at it, still biting her lip.

“It’s big” she whispers, almost to herself. The hand on your thigh slides further up, the other she places on your hairy chest. You hold your breath, not wanting to break the spell.

Sandra traces a finger-tip over the front of your underpants, down to your balls, then gently up along the underside of your shaft. Your cock grows bigger and the head starts to poke out into the open. Sandra’s finger runs up and down a few more times, then she grasps your cock through your underwear and squeezes it firmly.

You groan and buck your hips involuntarily. This startles her and she draws back, suddenly aware that she has crossed a line. 

“Don’t stop,” you groan, taking Sandra’s hand and placing it back on your on the massive bulge in your underpants.

She looks conflicted. “We’re both married. We shouldn’t be doing this,” she mutters, but she doesn’t take her hand away again.

You place your hand over hers, guiding her in a stroking motion. Your underpants roll down, leaving half your dick exposed. Sandra’s palm brushes your knob and gets smeared with a glistening trail of pre-cum. She slides her hand inside your underwear and caresses your hairy balls.

As Sandra continues to stroke your cock, you reach over and place your hand on the back of her thigh, then slide it up under her dress. She tenses up and stops wanking you, but doesn’t move away.

You give her a gentle squeeze at the top of her thigh right below her ass and then slide your hand between her legs, the length of your forefinger pressing against her panty-covered slit. She sighs and relaxes, parting her legs and moving her hips toward you for better access.

You slide your hand back and forth, rubbing her warm, slightly sweaty crotch through her panties, pressing the silky material between her pussy lips. Then, with one fingertip just inside the edge of her panties, you trace your way up over the curve of her buttock. You grab her soft round butt cheek and give it a squeeze.

Sandra sighs and leans forward further, cradling your cock against her chest. She reaches round and pulls her dress up obligingly, revealing her sexy bottom to you in all its glory.

You run your hand from cheek to cheek, fondling her ass over her silky white panties. Sandra starts shifting her weight from one leg to the other, making her delectable derriere squirm as you grope it.

“Mmmm… that’s nice,” sighs Sandra. “I love having my butt stroked.”

You slide your hand into the waist of her panties and start feeling around inside, caressing her bare buttocks for a while before delving down between her legs. This action pulls her panties down to her upper thighs, exposing her naked ass. In her bent-over position her pussy is also visible, nestled in a neat patch of soft, golden pubic hair.

You slowly work two fingers into her tight, slippery cunt and start finger-fucking her. Her knees draw together briefly as she’s penetrated, causing her panties to drop to the floor. She moans softly and starts jerking your cock again. 

“Let’s get these off,” she says, and pulls your underpants down your legs, discarding them on the floor. Then she squeezes some oil on her palm, grabs your cock again and starts jerking it in earnest. 

If Sandra likes her butt stroked, she’ll probably love being spanked! You ease yourself up into a sitting position on the table and pull her across it. Lying bent over the table she can no longer reach your cock, but her sexy ass is easily in reach for a good bun-warming.

“What are you doing?” she asks. You sense a level of trepidation in her voice.

“Giving you what you deserve, bitch!” you reply, then give her four hard smacks with your open hand, alternating between each bare butt cheek. Her soft round buns jiggle under your ministrations.

“Yeooooww!” cries Sandra and begins to squirm frantically, but your other hand is pressing down on the small of her back and she can’t get up. Another six smacks follow and her bottom starts to glow a warm pink.

“Owww! I’m… not… into… this!” spits Sandra through gritted teeth as you punish her rear.

You stop spanking Sandra and gently stroke her ass to calm her down.

“That’s better,” she sighs, starting to get up. “I don’t really like…”

You cut her sentence short by pushing her back down and slamming your cock right up her tight blonde pussy.

“Oooof!” gasps Sandra, all the air knocked out of her. You can see the reflection of her face in the mirror as you fuck her. She looks so beautiful with her eyes and mouth wide open in pleasant surprise, getting pushed forward and back with her tits pressed against the table. Her quivering cunt is warm and wet around your rock-hard shaft.

“Oh God, I’ve wanted this so bad!” she groans when she catches her breath. “Fuck me! Keep fucking me!”

You hadn’t planned on stopping. You reach forward and stick your fingers in her mouth. She sucks on them greedily until you withdraw them with a pop. Then you reach around between her legs and start rubbing her clitoris, using her own spit as lubricant. You pick up the pace, giving Sandra the doggy-fucking she deserves while she moans and pants uncontrollably.

“The Star Wars prequels rock!” she exclaims, clearly driven insane by pleasure.

Sandra’s pussy starts clenching as her orgasm hits, and this sets you off too. “In or out?” you gasp quickly, ever the gentleman.

“Out!” replies Sandra.

Too late! The first spurt of cum goes deep in her cunt before you can withdraw. The rest splatters over her bottom and pussy lips while you jack your dick furiously. You then wipe your cock clean between her ass cheeks.