Xaxas is a world of peace and prosperity. It is a land in which all races live together in harmony. The gnomes build their machines and live among the humans. Elves run the academies in which people come to learn. Ogres have no qualms living in the same town as humans or gnomes. Yet, all is not well.

You are Will, a male human hunter in the city of Uruk in the kingdom of Orlania. You've spent most of your life hunting in the forest, hunting the large deer that live in the forest and you have gained a large reputation for your hunting skills. You've been given the title of "Deer Slayer" in recognition of your hunting prowess and you're considered a hero by many of the townsfolk.

Indeed, you've spent most of your life a hero. You often tell stories of your youth, when you faced down an entire legion of orcs, taking down their leader Larg in single combat. The story is exaggerated, but the memory is still fondly remembered by many of your fellow Orlani citizens.

You go to the tavern.

You look around the tavern, filled with various races from all over Orlania. You see a group of humans arguing with a dark elf, a pair of orcs laughing loudly, and a family having a quiet conversation at a table in the corner. Everyone here is doing what they're doing, but nobody is paying attention to you... Odd.

You go to the dark elf.

You walk up to the group and then stop, waiting for them to notice you. Unfortunately, this doesn't happen. You know you're not invisible, but the dark elves around you are all ignoring you. A little annoying, but not really a problem.

You speak up to the dark elves. "I... Um..."

"Yes?"

You say "What is the argument about?"

The dark elf turns and looks at you, then lets out a little sigh. "It's nothing."

"Nothing?"

"Well, maybe something. I'm tired of this dispute. I've made my point, and they know it. There is no reason for me to stay here any longer."

You nod your head. "... Saves time then."

You say "Are you a female?"

The dark elf frowns a bit. "... What? What does that matter?"

"Just wondering, I don't think we've had the pleasure of meeting."

"I'm..." She sighs again, before raising her head with a thump.

You look at her.

She has fair skin, light enough to never burn in the sun, but not pale enough to fade. The skin on her face is tight and her cheekbones are sharp. Her eyebrows are thin and jagged, the black arching over her eyes meeting in the middle to create an upside-down V.

You say "Would you be willing to court me?"

"Huh?"

"Would you agree to go out to dinner with me? I don't have anything good to eat in my house... And I can get really hungry when I'm... Well, you know."

The dark elf looks at you funny for a moment. "... Okay.

You get dinner in the tavern.

You smile and the dark elf smiles, then nods. "Great." You say, grabbing her hand to lead her out of the tavern.

But the dark elf pulls away from you. "Hey!" You say, annoyed. "What's wrong?"

The dark elf looks at you, then looks down.

You say "What's wrong?"

"You lied." She says softly.

"I lied?"

"Yes. You claimed you were hungry, but you're just lonely."

"... I am?" You say, surprised. "How do you know?"

"I can tell." She smiles sadly, then looks up at you.

You say "We are going to have dinner, and I think that you are beautiful."

You grab her hand and lead her out of the tavern.

"I think you are beautiful." You repeat.

Her cheeks turn a light shade of pink, as she nods. "You're very sweet."

You say "Is there somewhere you would like to eat?"

"I don't mind!"

You look at her, smiling. A nice girl like you wouldn't know any good places...

You look around the street, then down at your dark elf companion. "How about that new inn across the way?"

She looks, nodding. "I haven't been there. Is it any good?"

"The best."

You get dinner at the new inn with the dark elf.

You lead your new friend across the street, holding her hand. You pull open the door with ease, sweeping her leg across the threshold.

The girl giggles, blushing as she glances at you. "I've never done that before."

You shrug, tightening your grip on her hand. "Where is the innkeeper?"

You do not know, but you can talk in the meantime.

You look around the dimly-lit room, noting the dark wooden walls and the series of photographs hanging from them. "The what?" You ask, looking at the dark elf.

"The innkeeper is in the kitchen." She replies.

You frown, glancing around the room. The photographs are strange...

You say "What is your name?"

She looks down at the floor, fiddling with her ring. "... Liliana."

You smile, happy to have made a friend so quickly. "I'm Will."

She smiles, nodding. "Well, Will... Shall we talk?"

You nod eagerly, flicking your wrist. Liliana's hand darts forward, grabbing yours.

You say "Why are you here?"

"I was going on an adventure."

"With who?" You ask.

She looks to one side, then the other, her eyes darting back and forth. "... Just some friends."

You sigh, rolling your eyes. Your mother had always told you not to talk to strangers, but really, how bad could it be?

You say "Where are you headed?"

"Somewhere."

She looks to the side, as if embarrassed. "... New York."

"What do you plan to do there?" You ask.

Her eyes widen for a moment, then she laughs. "... Well, I'm not sure. I didn't even think about that. I guess I'll look for a job."

You say "What if you stayed here? I think that the townfolk would love you"

She looks to you, smiling. "That's very sweet of you, Will."

For a moment you blush, happy that you've said the right thing. "But what if they don't? What if they hate me, for taking their friend? I think you should go, Will."

She shakes her head.

You say "There is nothing to hate about you Lilian, you are sweet and kind. And I am willing to bet my house that your heart is even sweeter"

"What if you're wrong?"

"I could always hope." You reply with a smile.

"Well, that's settled then..." she replies, getting up. "Well then, we have to go. I think... We should get to the town hall, don't you? Wouldn't want them to miss us, would we?"

You say "Why do we have to go to the town hall?"

She gives you a strange look. "I thought you said you wanted to go to the town hall."

"I do, but..."

She looks around, as if to make sure no one is listening. Then, she leans in. "If we are seen talking to each other, they'll take us away."

"Oh."

She takes your hand. "Come on, then. I'll show you around the area."

You're about to question her again, but she's already walking away. She stops, turning around. "Just don't tell anyone that we were here okay?"

You say "May I tell you something Lilian?"

She nods.

"I... Don't want to go to New York."

She seems confused by this revelation. "Why not?"

"Because I'm a good hunter, and I want to stay here."

She frowns. "But... you would get a better job there. A better apartment, even. Why would you stay here?"

You say "This town is my home, every one here is like family. We all help each other and we are all nice to everybody, even dark elves"

She chuckles at this. "Dark elves and humans can't get along. That's a silly myth."

"You'd be surprised what people fear, besides dark elves, we actually get along quite well."

She raises an eyebrow.

You say "Is it a myth that you and I get along?"

"Yes" She replies with a laugh.

You can't help but laugh along with her. "Well, now that that's settled, shall we go?"

Somewhat begrudgingly, she nods. After a few minutes of silence, when the two of you arrive at your home, Lilian speaks again.

"Tell your friend we said hello."

"I will, thank you."

You hold the door open for Lilian, and she smiles at you. "Thank you."

The two of you walk back to the city centre at a leisurely pace. The day is still young as far as you're concerned, so you walk alongside her.

You say "What if I said that I have fallen in love with you?"

She looks at you, smiling. Then her face becomes serious. "Then I would tell you that, if that's the case then, yes, of course I love you too."

She gives you a kiss on the cheek. "Thank you for opening up your home to me, Will."

"Anytime, Lilian."

You say "Will you stay with me?"

She laughs, shaking her head. "Oh no. We have nothing but time tonight. You go get some rest."

She opens the door to your home, before turning to you. "Good night, Will. Sleep well."

"Good night, Lilian."

You watch as she walks away, until she's out of sight completely.

You say "Wait lilian"

Lilian comes back, smiling. "What is it?"

You smile back. "I want to spend the rest of my life with you."

She laughs. "Well, that was rather sudden. I do have to clear this with my... king."

You nod eagerly.

You say "What do you mean?"

"Well, we need to clear this with my... my King. He'll be able to give you an answer."

"Of course"

She frowns a little. "I'm sorry Will, but I can't just abandon what I've served for so long. It'd be irresponsible. Sorry."

You sigh, nodding.

You say "Do you love me Lilian?"

She looks at you, and the seriousness drops from her features. She smiles again, and briefly touches your arm. "Of course I do. Like I said, if I didn't, I wouldn't have asked for his permission."

"Oh..."

She grins. "But if you're still interested, we have a lot more time to spend together."

You say "Then will you make love with me tonight?"

She giggles, and moves in to kiss you. "Of course."

The two of you walk back to your house, and once inside, she goes over to the bed in the corner and gets under the covers. "Come on, make love to me."

You move over her as she wraps her arms around you.

You pull the covers off.

You pull the blanket off her, exposing her slender body. She's wearing a thin nightshirt that reveals her underwear. You grin as you shed your clothes, beginning to make love to her.

You thrust into her as she begins to moan, and as you feel the wetness of her vagina you know you won't have a problem performing this act.

You kiss her.

As your mouth finds hers, your thrusting continues. Lilian continues to moan, and as you kiss her, you feel a surge of euphoria wash over you.

You pull out of Lilian, who groans in protest.

"I want to see you come" you grunt, as Lilian nods.

You lick her.

Lilian's covered in sweat, as you can see her muscular body struggling to contain itself. You slowly take Lilian's hand and place it against her stomach, just below her chest.

As her hand touches her stomach, a powerful jolt of electricity goes through her, and she bites her lip in pleasure.

You fondle her.

Slowly, you begin to massage and squeeze her breasts through the thin cloth of her shirt. Lilian begins to moan louder, as you can feel her muscles begin to twitch.

Her hand continues to twitch, and as you trace her fingers down her stomach, you feel a wave of pleasure go through her.

You kiss her.

As you kiss her, the two of you begin to feel lightheaded. You lean into her as she wraps her arms around you, and the world around you begins to fade away...

The next thing you know, you are lying on your back on the ground outside the house. You open your eyes, and immediately they begin to burn. You quickly roll over and close your eyes, as you can see Lilian sitting off in the distance, by the porch.

You stand and begin walking towards her, but as you do, the burning in your eyes begins to get worse. As you reach her, your head begins to spin and you collapse to the ground.

You say "Help me Lilian"

She begins to walk towards you, and a wave of relief washes over you as you open your eyes. However, as she gets closer and closer, her appearance becomes more and more terrifying. Her face has become disfigured and aged. The once beautiful young girl is now a hideous crone, with warts covering her body.

You say "What's happened lilian?"

"You destroyed my world, and now you're in it!" She roars.

You say "What did I do wrong?"

"You were different from the others" she says. "You showed an interest in me. I was young, and foolish, and allowed myself to get attached to you. You were going to abandon me after you had sex with me. I should have known better.

As she says this, she begins to sob openly.

"Please" she cries "

You say "No, I would not abandon you, it is not who I am. I love you I Lilian"

The expression on her face changes to one of relief, as she breaks into a smile.

"Thank you, thank you for saying that" she smiles. "You're too kind. I am sorry for my outburst, it is just that I thought I had lost you."

You say "What has happened? Why does my head hurt and why do you look old?"

"I had a magical ointment that made me young again" she says. "It was an elven invention, quite powerful. However, it had a side effect. It caused the person who used it to age rapidly, up to a maximum of half their lifetime in a single day."

You say "What did you look like before the ointment?"

"I was nineteen when I used it" she says. "I look about fifty now."

You let out a sigh, as you have no idea what to say.

You say "I think I know someone who can reverse the effects"

"What?" Lilian asks eagerly.

"My friend Virgil" you say. "He has a healing magic ointment that can reverse the effects."

"That's wonderful! How much does it cost?

You say "A promise from you to me"

She looks down and makes the "hash" sign with her hand. You grab it, and ring it once. A blue key falls out of her hand.

"The door to my room is behind the bookcase in my room." She says.

You say "I want you to promise me that you won't use that ointment again"

She looks confused by this, and you begin to get angry.

"I love you" you say "and I don't want you to die."

She begins to cry again, and you hug her tightly. You clutch the blue key tightly.

You take her to Virgil.

You take Lilian to Virgil, who happily helps her. He draws out a vial of clear liquid and a knife.

"This is really bad stuff" he says. "Really strong stuff, if you take it. It'll get rid of all your wrinkles, though."

He pours some of the liquid on her head.

You give Virgil 30 silvers.

"That should do it" he says.

You hand Virgil thirty silvers. He nods, and looks concerned.

"I really hope so" he mutters.

He gives you back the key.

"Thanks a lot, citizen." He says.

"Thanks a lot, Virgil" you reply.

You return home with Lilian.

You walk back home with Lilian. It's sad that you had to lie to Virgil, but it was worth it. You know that Lilian will be taken care of for the rest of her life.

When you arrive home, your family is sitting around the dinner table. They look up when they see Lilian.

"Lilian!" your father says. "What are you doing here? Are you all right?"

"What happened to you?" your mother asks.

They both frown at Lilian's appearance.

"I had to make a deal with a demon in order to save my skin" she says.

A look of shock appears on your face.

"What?" you ask in disbelief.

"I had to make a deal with a demon in order to save my skin" she repeats.

You stand up, stepping back.

"That's impossible!" you say. "I've seen them hunted to near extinction!"

"Their numbers are in the thousands" Lilian says.

You say "Oh"

"Oh" your mother replies, shaking her head.

Your father pats you on the shoulder as you sit back down.

"Zut alors!" he says. "It must have been a special case."

"We better hope so, son" your father, says, looking serious.

The rest of the dinner is silent.

You say "So, ma and pa. This is my love and I want to introduce her on better terms than the ones we came to dinner in"

"Good idea, son" your father replies.

Slowly, your family begins to eat dinner, in silence. Finally, you put down your spoon, and put your arm around Lilian.

"Come on." you say. "Let's go to our room."

"Ok" she replies, standing.

You say "Walk to your room"

You stand, and walk to the bedroom with Lilian. Finally there, you sit on your bed, and beckon her over.

"You must be exhausted." you say.

"I am" she says. "But what about you? You have hunted down every demon infesting this city by yourself."

"Not by myself" you reply.

You say "This is not the time for this conversation, love"

"Not true, but if you really want to know, I had to beg, borrow and steal the equipment to summon a demon."

"What? And put yourself in danger?"

"I did" you reply. "Fortunately, he's so far up shit's collective ass that he agreed to come here."

You say "Anyways,"

"Anyways," Lilian says, "Tell me. How did you know he was in that bar?"

You shrug, and begin to describe your encounter with the demon.

"He looked like every other demon I've ever seen."

"No offense, but they all look the same"

"Well, this one looked... normal."

You look at her.

"He had black horns, cloven feet, a cloven tail."

Lilian looks surprised.

"Wait, you swear he was telling the truth."

You nod.

"I'm sure he was. He's a demon, they're known to lie."

"That's horrible! Why would you do that?" Lilian exclaims.

You look at lilian.

"I had no other choice." you reply.

"Bullshit." Lilian replies. "You had a ton of other options, going into that bar was the stupidest idea I've ever heard."

"No, it really wasn't."

"Yes, it was. If you hadn't done it, we wouldn't be in this situation."

"Well, if I hadn't done it, we probably would have been. Either way, I'm in the situation now."

"You're going to pay for doing that."

"I'm sure I am."

"You know what I would do."

You look at lilian.

Lilian says a few vulgar things, before looking at you seriously.

"I would have offered to be sacrificed." Lilian replies. "I'm serious."

"What?" you ask, confused.

"I would have thrown myself between our father and the demon. I would have taken the blow meant for him, and I would have died."

You say "I don't want talk about it anymore"

"I'm sorry." Lilian replies. "It just doesn't seem right that I should die, when my sister should be the one to die."

You say "It's ok"

"It's ok?" you ask, confused.

"That you suffered loss. Myself, my parents... it's our burden to bear. That's why..."

Lilian grabs your hand, and looks into your eyes.

"...I love you."

A warmth fills your heart as you feel the same sensation.

You look at her appearance.

You look at Lilian, and your heart fills with love as your love for her grows.

Her face has become disfigured and aged over the decades. Her hair is no longer honey blond, but a dull gray. Lines and wrinkles adorn her face. Despite these changes, you know her to be more beautiful than any woman on earth.

You give her a tonic to permanently heal her appearance.

You take out some of the tonic you brought from Earth, and give a generous amount to Lilian. She rubs it into her skin as instructed.

"What's this?" she asks.

"A potion. Drink it." you reply.

Lilian gulps the potion down, and you hand her the jar. She crushes it under her heel, and the ichorous material sinks into the ground.

"It'll regenerate itself in a few hours, but we should get back quick." you say.

"Let's go."

Lilian and you run through the forest, with your hands firmly around her waist.

You sneak back into your room with Lilian and get into bed.

You enter your bedroom, and you and Lilian quickly get into bed. As you spoon Lilian, you notice she's shivering.

"So... what did you think?" you ask.

"I... it was amazing!" Lilian says, a huge smile on her face.

You look at lilian's appearance.

Lilian looks at you in the eye, with a smile on her face. Her hair is now black, and her face has a gaunt appearance. The smile does not appear to have left her face, however.

"Your potion worked!"

"Yes, it did." you reply.

"This is the best night of my entire life!"

You say "Are you sure it wasn't last night?"

"Nope! Last night was amazing!"

"Did you two... do anything?"

"Yes! We made love!" she says, blushing a bit.

"Oh... that."

"What? You weren't jealous?

You say "What did you do last night?"

"We camped out in the forest, we talked for hours and hours, and then we made love!"

You sit on the bed, and Lilian wraps her arms around you and hugs you. She kisses the side of your face a couple times, then sits up.

You say "Would you like to go hiking tommorow?"

"I would love to!" she says, smiling.

The next day, you wake up before Lilian. You get out of bed and walk to the window.

It's snowing.

You sit on the bed and think for a moment.

You say "Lilian"

Lilian wakes up as you call her name.

"Yes?" she says sleepily, before realizing who you are. "Oh, you're up."

"Lilian, I'm really sorry about everything that happened. I shouldn't have doubted you. I know you wouldn't do something like that."

She gives you a smile.

You say "Stay here, I will be home soon"

She stares at you, in silence.

"Stay here?" she says. "Really?"

"Yes. It would be safer."

She nods, and you move to kiss her. She leans in, and the two of you hug for a long moment.

You go to the town blacksmith.

You walk into the Blacksmith, incredibly hungry.

"Greetings."

The man working the forge looks up at you.

"Good day," he says. "How may I help you today?"

"I need you make a broadsword of the finest make, and I need a silver wedding ring" you say.

The man's eyes widen, and he leans closer to the forge.

"I have finally found a woman lovelier and sweeter than cherrie trees" you say, while the man is casting an expert eye over the sword, "

You say "Will you help me? I will pay you a large amount"

The man smiles.

"I have always wanted to get married." he says sadly.

He mixes some chemicals together, and before you know it, a broadsword appears in your hand.

"There you go."

The man hands you a sheet of silver, the largest silver ring and the broadsword.

You say "How will I pay you?"

"I want a large amount of money."

"I want you to have this ring."

"I want a large amount of money, and I want some cherries."

The man puts his hands in his pocket and pulls them back out, slowly.

"I have 5 gold coins." he says, "but no cherries."

"Hmm..." you think.

You know that by hiring the Blacksmith, you will be able to buy cherries for your wife with the money, but they will not be as delicious as the ones she picked last spring.

You decide to take both options into consideration.

You say "Would you take thirty gold prices and cherries in the near future as payment?"

"Sure, I can do that!" he grins, clearly happy to have landed a customer willing to pay the price.

You pay him, and leave with your ring and sword.

You go back home and hide the sword in the basement.

You arrive at your home in the woods, and you are greeted by Liliana, who smiles.

"Ah, you're here!"

You nod eagerly.

"I have something for you," she smiles, as picks some cherries from a nearby tree.

You smile.

You say "Are you ready for that hike?"

She nods eagerly, and you put the broadsword under your arm.

"Do you want to hold the sword?" she asks excitedly.

"Of course!" you say, as you begin walking towards the house.

You walk a few minutes, before alighting on a tree stump to have a conversation.

You say "Let's go to the peak of the mountain"

"Let's go to the peak," you say.

Liliana nods eagerly.

She scurries up the tree, while you take your broadsword in hand and begin to climb up the mountain after her.

You get to the peak and Liliana faces you and you kneel.



You say "Liliana"

"Yes?" she asks, looking at you.

"I love you," you say.

She stares at you in shock, then looks down in tears.

You say "What's wrong?"

"I want to stay with my friends..."

She hugs you and cries into your shoulder.

"Please, take care of me," she whispers to you.

You say "I was going to ask you to marry me"

She looks up at you in shock.

"Really!?" she asks, clearly excited.

You say "But you want to leave"

"So, you'll bring me back to the city?"

"Yes."

"Then yes!"

You hold her in your arms, and kiss her.

You say "But I don't want to be with you if you will leave me here"

"I want to stay here forever!" she cries, hugging you.

You walk to the edge of the peak, and look down into the vast forest.

"How will I get back?"

You say "I love you so much"

"I love you too, Will"

You kiss her passionately, and she begins kissing back.

You continue the edge of the peak, and look down at the world.

You say "what do you think about kids?"

She looks up at the stars.

"I've never really thought about it," she says. "I know it would be nice."

You nod.

You say "here, i had this broadsword made for you"

She looks down at the sword, and smiles.

"Thank you," she says sweetly. "Will, will you hold my hand as we walk back?"

"Of course,"

You say "may i put a ring on it first?"

She takes your hand, and you slide the ring onto her finger.

"Do you like it?" you ask.

She smiles.

"Yes," she says.

You say "where are your parents?"

"Dead."

"Oh..."

You walk back down the mountain, and sit beside her on the peak.

"That was a wonderful experience," she says.

You say "both of your parents?"

"No, my father is alive and well, he just doesn't want anything to do with me,"

"Oh.

You say "we should visit him,"

"I don't want to," she says dejectedly.

"Neither do I."

You look at her, and hold her hand.

She looks at you and smiles.

You say "for me"

"What is it?"

"You're beautiful."

She blushes and smiles.

"Do you want to see my home?" she asks.

"Yes."

You say "i need to see your father first"

"Sure," she says. "I want to go home."

With those words, she stands and takes your hand.

You say "where does your father live?"

"Not too far from here," she says, smiling.

"I can't wait to see him," you say.

"He'll be so happy to see me," she says sacasticly.

You say "can you take me to him? it's very important that i talk to him"

She frowns.

"I don't want to get you into trouble," she says. "Maybe we can go together...?"

She smiles hopefully, waiting for your reply.

You say "yes"

"OK," she smiles.

You walk hand in hand down the path from the peak, back towards the city.

You kiss her.

You kiss her passionately, and she smiles into your kiss.

You walk into the city, and towards the tavern where her father works.

You say "take me to your father, Liliana"

She blushes.

"You really don't have to," she says. "I want to anyway."

With that, you walk into the tavern and towards the counter.

You say "what is your father's name?"

"Hakkan, sir," the dwarf says, looking up at you. "What can I get for you?"

You say "I need to see the father of Liliana"

"Sure thing," the dwarf says. "Just wait there, sir."

The dwarf walks off, and you look around the tavern. There's a group of people in the corner, laughing and talking. There's a family sitting in a table by the fire. In short, the place is half empty.

You wait patiently, and almost immediately, the dwarf reappears with a small man, who looks to be only a little larger than Liliana.

You say "hello sir"

"You the hunter?" the dwarf asks.

"Yes."

"Follow me," he says, leading you to a small door next to the toilets.

The dwarf opens the door, revealing a staircase.

"Second floor's alles raus," he says. "Don't get lost."

You say "i don't understand"

He stares at you blankly.

"Thanks," you say.

With those words, you begin to ascend the staircase. Immediately, you find yourself in a space at the top of the staircase. The space consists of a bed, a small desk, a chair, and two dressers.

You say "Liliana?"

You turn to look at the space, but there is nobody there.

"Liliana?" you ask again.

The space remains empty.

"Ah..." a voice says behind you.

You look at the speaker.

You are looking at a tall, gaunt man. He has long hair, but he hasn't had much food on his face in a while.

You say "Are you the father of Liliana?"

"Yes," he whispers.

"It's me, Will."

The man looks at you, his face showing shock and confusion.

You say "what is your name?"

"Hakkan," he says.

"I must find Liliana."

"Oh, yes. She's missing too."

"What? When did this happen?"

"She hasn't come back. Maybe you can find out what happened to her."

"We're getting married."

"I understand.

You say "Liliana is downstairs where I left her"

He looks around, as if he is trying to see something else entirely.

"I don't know," he says.

You say "would you like to see your daughter, Hakkan?"

He nods eagerly, and smiles.

"Yes," he says, as he begins to descend the stairs.

"I'm sorry. Liliana moves around."

You say "but first i need to ask you something"

You look around the room. There is a small writing desk, with a piece of parchment on top of it. You could read the note, or destroy it.

You read it.

There is a single line of text on the parchment, with three punctuation marks.

FUCK ME, RING ROUND, TONGUE

"What does it say?" the dwarf asks impatiently. "I need to get to the pub.

You find Hakkan.

You walk down the stairs. On the ground floor, there is a small pub. There are a few men drinking inside, sitting at a few tables.

You say "Liliana?"

One of the men looks up, and stares at you angrily.

"What?" he asks.

"Have you seen Liliana?" you ask.

"Nope," he says.

You look for Liliana.

You walk into the pub, and begin to look around. You spot Liliana, standing alone at a table in the corner of the room.

You walk over to her.

You give her a quick kiss.

Liliana affectionately puts her arms around you, and kisses you back.

"I was wondering if you were coming," she asks.

You say "I need to find Hakkan"

"Sure," she says. "I'll be here."

Liliana smiles, and you nod.

You find Hakkan.

You walk into the bar, and find a large man with protruding ribs sitting at a table by himself. He stares at you.

"I'm looking for Mr. Hakkan,"

You look for Hakkan.

You begin to walk around the bar, surveying the patrons. As you scan the room, your eyes briefly catch a reflection of yourself in one of the many mirrors that decorates the room.

You search for Hakkan.

You continue searching for Mr. Hakkan. As you do, you see that men are beginning to stare at you aggressively.

The bartender walks up to you.

You say "do you know where Hakkan is?"

The bartender stares at you angrily.

"What the fuck do you want?" he asks angrily.

You say "i need to see Hakkan so I may marry his daughter, you prick"

"I have no daughters," he says, his voice lowering slightly.

"I'm talking about Liliana."

The bartender raises an eyebrow.

"Is this some sort of joke?"

You say "i wasn't kidding"

"I'd caution you to seek a sense of humour before entering before you continue," the bartender says.

You say "fuck off"

The bartender slams his fist on the bar.

"I'm warning you, mister," he says. "Leave now, or I'll call the guards."

You say "i do not want any trouble, i am just a man who wants to marry a woman"

The bartender sighs, and turns away from you.

"Go find yourself a nice girl to marry," he says, as he walks away from you.

You nod your head.

You say "Liliana!"

You begin walking towards the back of the bar, calling out her name. As you do, you feel several arrows pointed at your back.

"Have you gone insane?!" a voice cries out.

You say "for searching for my love?"

Hakkan slowly turns, sighing.

"Lover?" he asks, raising an eyebrow. "I thought you'd never ask."

You say "not you sir"

Hakkan smiles, then bursts into laughter.

"Not you sir?" he asks. "That's a new one? Oh sure, that'll go over well."

You say "i want your permission to marry your daughter"

"Oh," he says. "I see."

Hakkan bursts into laughter again, and claps his hands.

You say "what is funny sir?"

"You," he says. "You look like you're ready to kill someone."

"There are hostile gnolls on the road," you say, annoyed.

"Gnolls?"

You say "I am always ready to kill "

"You are?" he asks, raising an eyebrow. "Hm, I see. Well, you never know."

Hakkan bursts into laughter again.

You say "since I have met Liliana,I have been ready to kill for her"

"Well, I certainly hope so," he says, followed by another laugh. "You're the last one I expected to see show up here."

You say "if you don't give me your blessing for our marriage, i will leave her alone. If we do get your blessing, we will marry and you will have grandchildren."

Hakkan bursts into laughter.

"Son," he says, "you're asking me to go along with you killing my daughter.

You say "what? no!"

Hakkan bursts into laughter once more.

"No?" he asks. "Why the hell would you even want to do that?"

You say "i do want marry Liliana, i love her with all my heart"

He bursts into laughter once more.

"You don't love her," he says. "You barely know the girl."

"I know she is the one for me,"

You say "we love each other very much, we know each other very well. We met in this very pub!"

"Yeah, and I met Draven," he replies. "We've all met people in this very pub who we loved and then later hated with a passion. It doesn't mean anything."

"If I didn't love her, I wouldn't bother doing this," you say.

You say "she didn't want me to come here"

"Oh, she changed her mind," he says.

You say "i came here because i thought that someone so kind as she, would have a good father. It looks like i was mistaken."

"It looks like you were, son," he says.

"But..." you say, hesitant to continue.

"But what?" he asks.

You say "i see were she got the steel in her heart, from you"

Hakkan bursts into laughter once more.

"Oh, that was very long ago," he says. "I'm sure she got that from my side of the family.

You say "would you like to see your daughter?"

"Somewhat surprisingly, yes."

You stand up, and motion for Liliana to come with you.

You say "here she is"

Liliana walks over, and her father stands up. He looks at her, smiles, and hugs her.

"It's good to see you," he says.

"You too, papa," Liliana replies.

You let go of her, and sit back down.

"So, how have you been?" he asks.

"I am fine, father," Liliana says.

"How's your magic?"

"I'm an adept, much like my lover is," she says.

You say "it is true"

"Ah, I see," her father says.

He mutters under his breath for a moment, then speaks up again.

"I don't know why you two decided to marry, given your... differences," he says.

You say "we haven't married"

"Oh? Then perhaps you should," her father replies flatly.

You say "I need your blessing for that"

"Of course," he says.

He smiles, then sighs.

"It is a grand gesture," he says. "I suppose I can give you my blessing."

"Papa!" Liliana says.

Her father just laughs.

"It is what parents do, darling," he replies.

You say "would you like to come over for dinner?"

"Well, I don't want to impose, but I would love to," her father replies.

You say "alright, there are only two cabins outside the city, if you knock on the door and it doesn't open, then you got to my parents house, my house is to the left of my parents cabin"

"Alright, I will visit your parents first," her father says. "Thank you for the information."

You say "thank you for the blessing"

"I will visit your parents, and give you my blessing in person."

You say "come over for dinner at 6pm?"

"I will be there. Thank you for having me."

You nod, and take a drink. Liliana finishes her drink quickly, and orders another.

"More?" the bartender asks.

You say "well, we'd better get going"

"Yeah," Liliana says.

You stand, pull out some gold coins and lay them on the counter. The bartender nods, and you head outside.

You give Liliana a long kiss.

"Mmmm..." Liliana moans as she kisses you back.

She grabs your hand.

You say "i love you so much, Lily"

"I love you too," she whispers in your ear as her hand runs down your chest.

After a few moments, she pulls away looking embarrassed.

"I... I need to go,"

You say "ok?"

"I'll see you later," she says.

You nod, and walk off. Liliana waves, and goes inside.

You follow Lilliana.

You walk outside, and see Liliana waiting for you.

"You didn't wait too long," she says.

"I could tell you needed more time," you reply smiling.

You say "what's wrong?"

"Nothing. Well, my father doesn't want me to get married because he doesn't want my magic to corrupt my children."

"Oh?"

"You're so romantic," Liliana giggles.

You say "nothing will be wrong with the children"

"Oh my father says that magic will be dangerous to children. He wants to make sure I don't have any kids."

"You won't have any kids then," you reply simply.

You say "people say a lot of things, it doesn't make them true"

"I know," Liliana sighs. "But it worries me."

You hold her hand as you walk. Liliana looks at your hand, and frowns.

You say "I need to have kids, otherwise my parents will murder me to death"

"Yeah... I want to have babies too."

"Well, you can get a geas lifted at the college of magic in the city."

"What's that?

You say "it doesn't matter"

"It doesn't matter," you reply.

Liliana frowns, and looks at the ground. You open your mouth to say something, before closing it.

"What?"

You say "i love you and you love me, that is all there is to know."

"Well, I need to know so I can level up my magic," she says, her cheeks turning bright red.

You say "we will talk to the college of magic this weekend, ok?"

Liliana nods, and smiles. You smile back, and hug her.

You say "i need kids or my parents will murder me to death"

"Hah, my father will probably try to poison me first," you laugh.

You say "my parents are already uncomfortable that i am marrying you, but i love you though."

"Doesn't matter, right?"

"No."

"It doesn't. I know you love me. I can tell."

"I'm glad," you smile.

You say "can you read my thoughts?"

"You're a powerful wizard, you should be able to hide your thoughts from me if you tried."

"Really?"

"Yeah," she giggles.

You say "what if i don't want to hide my thoughts from you?"

She looks at you, and her cheeks blush.

"I mean, if you wished to hide them from me, i wouldn't be able to read them, obviously.

You say "i want you to read my thoughts"

She blushes, and covers her face with her hands.

"I can't! I'm not strong enough to control that much power!"



You say "it doesn't matter, what matters is that I love you"

She looks up, and smiles.

"I love you."

"I know," you smile.

She leans in, and kisses you briefly on the lips.

You pick her up.

You pick her up, and throw her over your shoulder. She yells in surprise, and you walk out of the cafe, into the night.

You run home.

You run home, with her still over your shoulder. She yells at you, and you stop to put her down, before continuing to run.

You race her to your parents house.

You manage to make it home before she does. You walk inside, and slam your parents door, leaning up against it.

"You've been running all night! We were worried!"

You say "I got his blessing!"

"Really? You're getting married? When?"

"Soon. I'll go get your sister now, she'll be so happy! I'll be home to cook dinner in a bit!"

You say "he's coming over for dinner"

You walk into your parent's kitchen, where your sister stands, a frazzled looking Dawn in her arms.

You say "i'm getting married Angela!"

"Perfect, it'll be nice to have another wedding in the family! I've told father, and our brothers, and Ian!"

"Ok, I'm going now, love you!"

You say "pa?"

"Yeah?"



You say "do you want to build a house?"

He smiles, and nods.

"Yes, I can start tomorrow!"

"Great! I'll be back home to help then!"

You say "for your grandkids!"

"Yes! Finally! That's good. I need to go now, love you!"

"I love you too!"

You wave as your dad leaves.

You say "Lily?"

"Hmm?"

"We need to change into formal clothes"



You bring Liliana into your bedroom.

"Now, we need to go pick out your ring!"

You push her against the wall gently.

"You're being very gentle," she says, almost breathlessly."one must be when with something as beautiful as porcelain."



You give her a long kiss.

"You're very pretty," you say, as your hands travel down her back."I'll be gentle alright..."

She giggles as she raises your hands over your head.

"Nope, not gentle."

A small laugh escapes her lips as your lips crush against hers.

You french kiss her.

Your heart flutters as you pull her in closer to you. She is warm, and she smells good.

You take a deep breath, and pull away slightly.

You say "i love you more than you'll ever know"

She puts her index finger against your mouth.

"Don't speak unless you're speaking to me."

You nod, and slowly slide your hand down her back. She shivers.

You say "i love you"

Slowly, she slides her hand up your arm.

"I love you too"

She moves your hand from her back down to her bottom. You squeeze. She squirms.

You kiss her.

Your hands move of their own accord, one going to the back of her head as you deepen the kiss. The other slides down her body to her stomach.

She grinds herself on you.

You pick her up.

You stand up. Your hands go around her.

She wraps her legs around your waist.

You drop her on the bed.

You sit down next to her.

"We need to pick out a ring"

She smiles, looking at you. "I have an idea"

"What?"

"We need to go to the badlands. There's a ghost town there that's abandoned. It's filled with treasure. You just have to find the mine shaft.

You it's probably abandoned for a reason.

"Let's go there tomorrow"

"Good. Now, you need to go hunt, and I'll get some sleep"

She kisses you quickly. "I love you."

You need to plan the wedding.

"Together, we can do anything."

You kiss her briefly. "I know."

She hugs you tightly as if she were little again. 2 hours later.

You hold her and kiss her.

You hold her and kiss her. For hours. Until the morning comes.

You say "do you want kids?"

She looks up at the sky. "I'd love to have a big family"

"Me too!"

"Then we need to get married now!"

She giggles.

You say "we need a house first"

"Yeah. We need a house"

"How about I build you one?"

She looks at you. "Seriously?"

"Why not?

You say "i need you to help though"

She smiles. "Of course"

You stand up. "How is that possible?"

She looks around.

You say "my dad isn't as strong he he used to be"

"Ah. I see"

You tilt your head to the side.

"Yeah, well he'd be happy to help if he weren't so shy"

She nods.

a voice called out " I heard that!"

You look around.

"Do you want me to run?"

"No, it's cool. he's probably just cranky from staying up late"

You walk over.

a few months later.......

You and Anu stand in front of a large house.

Anu touches the wooden door. "This is amazing. The wood is so beautiful"

You smile.

You say "the whole family pitched in, even Angela and Ma"

She looks around.

"Well then. Shall we go in?"

She opens the door and leads you in. The entire inside of the house is covered in wooden plaque.

You say "we shall"

She stands in front of you. "Starting from the top, right?"

You nod.

You say "we had to have it lifted by magic. Lily's father helped"

She smiles.

"We should find him and thank him"

You nod.

Walking through the house, you find the old man sitting in a chair in a corner of the room.

You say "this is meant to be the baby's room"

He nods, smiling.

"I think I know who we should thank"

You nod.

You say "thank you for your help"

He smiles.

"You're welcome"

You nod.

You leave the house and spend the rest of the day thanking people.

You say "i think that i will send the kids who misbehave to your house for a week, teach them to be grateful"

You nod.

"Who should be grateful?"

"The kids who misbehave who will visit your house"

"Who's going to be in charge?"

You say "you"

She nods. "I'll do it"

You nod.

The next week rolls around and you sit at the dining room table with Lily, seeing each other for the last time before the wedding 

You say "did you pick out a dress?"

She nods. "I think I like this one"

You nod.

"I'll go get it, be right back"

You nod and begin to eat your food.

You say "i'm not supposed to see it, lily!"

She rolls her eyes. "Fine"

You hear the knock on the door.

You stand up and go to answer it.

You say "yes?"

A young woman holding a large suitcase walks in.

"Hello. I'm here for the wedding"

She nods.

"Great! Should I show you where you'll be staying?"

"Yeah"

You walk into the dining room, and head upstairs.

As you reach the top of the stairs, Theo opens the door to your right.

"Theo, who was that?"

He shrugs, looking at you. "Some chick"

You nod.

You continue walking, entering your room.

You sit on your bed and unlatch your suitcase.

You say "i'm getting married"

You unzip the suitcase and pull out a black suit

You pull it on and look in the mirror.

It's beautiful.

You say "i never thought i would marry a dark elf"

Theo sits down next to you. "Dark Elves are awesome."

You shrug.

You say "you are my brother, right"

He nods.

"I guess"

You say "i will tell you, Dark Elves are awesome, especially in bed."

He raises an eyebrow.

"I'm joking, Theo."

Theo chuckles.

"I think I'll go meet the new houseguest"

You say "except that i was not joking about Dark Elves"

"I know"

You nod in return. He holds up his hands.

"Fine, I'll go let her in the backyard."

You say "what?"

You nod.

"OK"

You go back downstairs and into the dining room.

You hear some giggling coming from the backyard.

You walk outside, following the noise.

You say "Lily?"

You walk out there and see a teenage girl sitting on the ground.

She turn towards you, revealing that she is, indeed, Lily. She stands up as you approach.

You say "what's wrong?"

She frowns. "nothing"

You nod and sit next to her.

An awkward silence fills the air for a few seconds before you speak again.

"We should go inside"

You say "tell me what's wrong, Lily"

She shakes her head. "Nothing's wrong"

She begins twirling a blade of grass between her fingers.

"You're not going to go meet my brother are you?"

You say "fine, then something is bothering you, i can tell"

She sighs and nods. "I'm not happy, that's what's wrong"

She looks up at you, a pained expression on her face.

You say "what would make you happy?"

She shrugs her shoulders. "I don't know. I'm just not happy"

You stand up and walk towards the door as she follows you inside.

You say "would leaving make you happy?"

She shrugs her shoulders. "I don't know"

You sigh and walk back outside.

"Come on, Theo's already in there"

She nods.

You say "you do know, you just won't tell me"

Her frown deepens. "I know, but I don't want to say it"

You open your mouth to speak, but she begins talking before you can.

You say "i want to hear it"

"I like you, Will"

She turns her head away and coughs slightly. You feel a lump in your throat as you try to respond.

"That's nice"

You say "tell me"

She turns her head towards you. "I like you, to"

You grin. "I like you too"

She looks away again. "My brother likes you"

You say "are you sick?"

She shakes her head. "I don't like him because he's mean"

"Who?"

"My brother, the one I was telling you about"

You say "please tell me what is wrong, you know our marriage won't survive if we keep secrets"

She sighs. "He wants to marry me because I'm a good hunter, he doesn't love me..."

"So?"

"...I want to marry someone who loves me"

You say "and I do"

She turns her head to you, finally showing a smile. "I know"

You look down at your feet, trying to work up the courage to ask her out.

"Will..."

You say "that was not the only thing bothering you"

She smiles and sighs. "I was wondering if I should tell you"

You look up at her, fear filling your voice. "Tell me what?"

"I was wondering..."

You say "what?"

"I was wondering if I should ask you out"

You grin and take a step towards her. "Yes"

She smiles and shrugs. "Just wondering"

You say "lily, we are getting married tommorow"

"I know"

"Well, stop worrying about it"

She smiles and nods. "okay"

You pick her up bridal style and take her inside.

You say "why did youask me out"

She laughs and blushes slightly. "Well, you seem nice and had said you liked me"

"I did"

"And you said you'd marry me"

You say "i have to tell you something, lily"

She raises an eyebrow. "What?"

"I don't want you to go"

She frowns and looks away. "I'm sorry"

You sigh and hold her closer.

You say "and i have something else i need you to know before we get married"

She turns and looks at you.

"What?"



You say "I do not like you, liliana"

She laughs. "Well I mean guys don't usually say that"

"I REALLY don't"

She begins to laugh again and blush.

You give her a long kiss.

As you hold her lips against yours, her laughter dies, and she grins into the kiss.

You say "i don't like you because i am completely in love with you"

She looks away and sighs.

"That's sweet, but..."

You sigh and hold her tighter.

"Nevermind"

You put her down and she looks at you.

what, Liliana?

"I love you"

Her eyes widen and she smiles. Maybe she loved you too.

"Well..."

She giggles and hits you with a pillow.

You say "are you sure you want to marry me?"

"Yes, of course!"

She smiles warmly and takes your hand. "Let's go then"

You kiss her.

She shuts her eyes.

kisses her

you leave for the town hall

somewhere along the way, Hakkan took Liliana away along with Ma and Anu

Pa and Theo came and took you away to be outfitted in your new black suit

you were put at the altar, with all of your brothers next to you, and you could see Anu on the other side of the altar.

then she came. with her father on one arm, and black roses in the other, she walked slowly down the aisle. she wore a white dress, with white roses trailing behind her, she looked elegant, the very picture of royalty.

as she got closer, her eyes locked on yours, a smile turned up the corners of her lips and she dropped her father's arm.

She walked up the steps to the altar, and she handed the roses to Anu, then turned her attention to you, you and Liliana never looked away from each other, through the marriage vows, and the "do you take _____ to be you lawfully wedded _______" bits, you both looked into each other's eyes the whole time, and you could've sworn that she was tearing up.

When the priest said "you may kiss the bride", you kissed her in front of the entire village, in order to show them your deep love for her.

You mingle for a while, talking to old friends, cousins, and family, and introducing Liliana to them all. Eventually, it's time for you to take Liliana back home.

Theo ushers in a carriage for the two of you, and seats Liliana beside you.

"Theo, how are you? It's been a long time"

"It has, Will. How are you? And your... wife?

You say "why did you hesitate?"

His eyes drop to the floor as he sighs.

"I'm fine, Theo"

Behind you, Liliana giggles.

"Ah, good, good!"

Theo clears his throat.

"I'll be happy to take you back home, then"

he says politely.

"Y-you will?"

"Yes"

You say "take us home then"

Theo nods and hands the driver his whistle.

The carriage begins rolling, and you look over at your wife. She's so beautiful.

You say "thank you brother"

"Thank you!" Liliana holds onto your arm, and you stand up to allow her to sit next to you.

"So, when do the wedding festivities begin?

You say "at my new home tonight"

A sly smile spreads across her lips.

"Well, we can't have a wedding without a wedding night, right?"

Your face reddens.

You say "you are right"

She smirks.

"I know I am"

You lean over and kiss her, then pull away.

"Well then, we better get home"

You hold her close as the carriage carries you away from your old life and towards your new one.

You are Will, a simple man in a simple world.

the carriage brings you home and you and Liliana get off, but as Liliana jumps from the top step of the coach, you catch her and carry her like a baby into the house.

You are Will, a simple man in a simple world.

You walk into your humble abode with your wife.

You bring her to the master bedroom and set her down on the bed.

You take off your suit and lay on the bed next to her.

You look at her.

You look at Hakkan's daughter. Liliana looks back at you, as if in a trance. You cup her cheek with your hand and she begins to rouse from her stupor.

You say "we will have short children"

She shakes her head, giggling.

"I'm on the pill. No babies"

"That's fine. You don't want children anyway."

She shakes her head again, before leaning up and kissing you on the chest.

"You OK?"

"Yeah, I'm fine. Just a bit tired"

You pull away.

You pull away from her and sit up.

"Are you sure you're OK?"

She nods.

"Yeah, I'm fine. Go back to sleep"

"You sure?"

You say "i have always wanted children"

A smile creeps across her face.

"I know, but God wanted you to help me, not have little rug rats running around"

You nod.

"Yeah, I got it."

You say "help you with what?"

She rubs her stomach.

"Have our little ones, make sure the house is safe, protect them, make sure the... you know..."

You nod, and get out of bed.

You say "you just said you don't want kids"

She starts laughing.

"I don't, but the doctor said I'll probably still be able to have children actually!"

You nod.

"Yeah, you will"

You say "i know a way that the kids won't be short halflings"

She starts laughing again.

"Heh, great idea. But what are you going to do?"

You smile.

"I'm not sure yet...but it will work"

You say "i love you"

She smiles.

"And i love you"

The love between you and Liliana has always been pure and true, it has never faltered and it never will.

You go to the closet and get liliana's dress.

You stand slowly, and walk to the closet. You pull out Liliana's dress, and hold it in your hands.

You set it down on the nightstand.

You walk back to bed, and pull Liliana close to you.

"I love you"

She smiles and kisses you.

"I love you too"

You kiss her.

She kisses you back.

You hug her tightly.

"I have an idea of how our children wont be short"

She smiles and nods.

You give her a long kiss.

She, being the adventurous woman that she is, kisses you back.

You take advantage of the opportunity and embrace the sensations for what they are.

You undress her.

She smiles and takes off her dress.

You admire her ample bosom, then dip down to kiss her neck.

She shivers in obvious pleasure.

You continue kissing lower and lower...

You kiss her mouth.

She is so warm and kissable. You embrace her as your lips press against hers.



You say "we have to get dressed for dinner"

She nods.

You look into her eyes and she looks into yours.

"Let's go to dinner"

She smiles and kisses you again.

You get dressed.

You walk to the bathroom. After a relaxing bath with lily, you get dressed and head off to the dinner.

You arrive and go inside the town hall.

A single waiter is there to greet you.

You go sit with your family.

"Good evening, Will"

He says in a friendly voice. He points to a large table.

You grab Liliana's hand and lead he to the table.

You walk over to your family.

"Hello everyone, this is Liliana. Liliana, this is my family. i have not had you properly introduced.

There's mom, dad, sister, brother and grandma"

You point to everyone as you introduce them.

"Oh! And that is my father, Hakkan

You sit down with your family.

You sit down and join the conversation. You get onto politics and the usual small talk.

you see a group of girls at a table, and some of them point at Liliana, they say something and giggle. one of them made a poor imitation of pointed ears and the other girls laugh. Liliana saw this and an expression of hurt crossed her face. this makes you angry, and seeing what you're about to do, Liliana grabs your arm as you stand. you shake her off, and put a happy expression on your face. you walk over the group of girls, and you hear one of them say something about children being midgets.

you sit in an empty chair next to them.

You say "what are you talking about?"

Before you know it, the girls have stopped giggling. One says "we were just talking about halflings"

You draw a long, wicked, black dagger, and lay it on the table.

It is a very dark night, with lanterns to light the feast. Certainly, all the guests can see your knife.

You say "do you know what happened to the last person that spoke ill of my family?"

"No"

The other girl says, afraid.



You say "do you value your lives?"

"yes" They reply in unison.

You say "then leave before my blade gets thirsty"

The girls look at each other, get up and walk out of the party. You head back to your table

They arrive at the table, and you sit down.

Your mother takes your hand.

"What's wrong?"

You tell her everything that happened.

"They were horrible. Such little girls, in the time that I've been in this kingdom, I have seen much older men and women engage in...."

Your mother cuts you off.

"I want to kill them. I want to... burn their homes to the ground."

"Why don't you?

You say "it is not the right thing to do"

Your father arrives home.

"Hello!"

he says cheerfully, and hugs your mother.

"How are you doing?"

"Perfect."

You say "have you seen Liliana?"

Your father looks confused for a moment.

"Yes, she's in her room."

You thank him and exit.

You walk through the dark hallways to Liliana's door.

You say "Liliana?"

You hear a groan from within, then the door opens. Liliana is sitting on her bed, curling up into a ball.

"What do you want?"

You say "what's wrong?"

"Fuck you"

Liliana says, her voice wavering.

"What did I do?"

"You... you saw them right?

You say "who?"

"THEY saw me!"

She screams, standing up.

"What did they say? Tell me!"

"They said I'm a monster. They said my family would be ashamed to have me as a daughter!

You sit next to her.

You sit next to her, and she buries her face in your chest.

You stroke her hair, and whisper soothing words.

"It's alright."

You say "come, let us go home"

She turns around, and you help her stand.

"You need to sleep."

You lead her out of the room, and out of the house, saying goodnight to your parents. you head towards your house. along the path, Liliana becomes drowsy, so you pick her up and cradle her like a baby. she eventually falls asleep against your chest. you enter your house and lock the door behind you, and you bring her to your shared bedroom. you gently lay her down on the bed, and lay beside her. you stare at her for a while, wondering what to do.

The next day, you find Liliana crying in the garden.

You say "liliana"

She looks up, dried tears stained cheeks.

"Why do they hate me?"

"No one hates you."

You tell her.

You say "tell me what is wrong"

"Everyone thinks I'm a monster."

You frown. that isn't true. there's no one here who would think that.

You say "that is not true, if everyone thinks you are a monster, why would i marry you?"

She smiles, and hugs you tightly.

"I love you."

She kisses you on the cheek.

You say "if they do think that you are monster, then they are people who don't have the heart to get to know you"

She looks away, and bites her lip nervously.

"What if I become big and ugly, like them?"

She says, finally looking you in the eye.

You say "what do you mean?"

"What if I grow bigger and uglier than them? what if I eat them?"

"No."

You tell her, looking away. you wouldn't wish that experience on anyone.

You say "you are too kind for the gods to curse you like that"

"I'm cruel."

She says, sighing.

"And what if I don't find someone to love? then what?"

You shrug.

"I'll die I guess."

You say "you have found me to love"

She smiles, and snuggles closer to you.

You say "you are you kindest person i know"

You look at her, and she sticks her tongue out.

"You're silly."

She giggles, before yawning.

"I want to sleep now."

You pick her up and bring her to your bedroom and lay her down and lay next to her.

You pick Liliana up, and bring her to your bed. You gently lay her down, and she curls up in a ball. She looks at you.

You lay next to her.

"Sweet dreams, Liliana."

You kiss her.

"I love you."

She smiles.

You kiss her.

You kiss Liliana, before she closes her eyes and falls asleep. You stare at her for a while, wondering what you're going to do.

You get out of bed without waking Liliana and leave her a note that tells her to stay here.

You slowly leave your room, walked down the stairs. you go to the closet and grab your claymore. you walk into town and call a town meeting.

"People of this town, it is my responsibility as a husband to take care of my wife. i have found that she is being shunned and bullied here, so to those who live in this quiet town and treat Liliana harshly, i challenge you to a duel! if you do not stand up now and speak your mind, i will expect only kind words towards my wife. a duel will give us a better chance to see who is good or bad in this little community.

You say "who will challenge me?"

You look at the crowd. No one stands up immediately, and you begin to suspect that perhaps no one is going to.

You say "if nobody challenges me, will expect only kind words towards my wife, and for her maltreatment to stop "

You walk towards the crowd, drawn by the faint light. you finally spot the leader of the council. he stands up.

"I accept your challenge."

You say "go and choose your weapon"

"Yes, go and choose your weapon. Oh, and try not to break anyone's limbs."

You nod, and walk outside. you look around.

You say "this is a fight to the death"

You grab the claymore off your back, and walk back inside the store. you stand in the doorway, waiting patiently.

Soon, the other councilman arrives. He carries a bow and some arrows, and begins to look around.

"I had the strangest dream last night." He says.

You say "fight me, coucilman!"

He looks up at you, and frowns.

"I thought I left all my courage back in Teckleville." He says.

"I will fight you!"

You rush him.

You rush forward, swinging the blade. He rolls to avoid taking the sword to his head, and sweeps your legs from under you. You crash to the sand, and he grabs your sword.

"Yes!"

He clutches the sword tightly, and looks up at you with a smile. You stare down at him angrily.

You say "the fight is to the death, councilman. the fight is not over"

He stares at you blankly.

"I don't feel so courageous right now." He says.

"I am a man of my word."

"So be it." He says.

You tackle him.

You rush forward, tackling the councilman. He drops your sword as you fall on top of him. You grab the wicked black dagger from your boot and bring it to his throat. His eyes widen as he lets out a gasp, and you hold the knife close to his throat.

"Wh-- what are you doing?" He asks.

You say "this is a fight to the death, but if you forfeit, i will spare your life"

"I-- I concede."

You nod, and sheathe your dagger.

"Thank you." He says.

You grab your weapons from the ground and stand to look at the crowd

You say "who else will challenge me?"

"A wise choice." The crowd responds.

Soon, the councilman's challenger arrives. He carries no weapons, instead relying on his speed and agility.

You say "will you challenge me?"

He nods eagerly, and begins to dance around you.

you toss him your sword, while you draw your own wicked black daggers. He catches the sword and looks to his challenger.

"We fight with daggers?"

"Yes."

He nods.

"Then, I accept!"

You say "why do you challenge me?"

He smiles and flashes his fangs.

"I like killing vampires." He says.

You nod slowly, and he laughs.

You say "i am a human"

"It doesn't matter." He says. "I like killing humans."

You frown.

You say "shall we fight to the death?"

He grins, and nods eagerly.

You throw one dagger at his thigh.

The dagger sinks into his thigh. He lets out a yell of agony, and falls to his knee.

"I surrender!"

You raise an eyebrow.

You pull your dagger from his thigh viciously.

The knife comes out, slashing open his skin and artery. He screams as blood pours out, and you drop your dagger into it's sheath.

"You've won..."

"Thank you."

You say "challenge me or stop maltreating my wife!"

He sighs, and shakes his head.

"I surrender."

You nod.

"Good, glad to see it."

You return home to liliana.

Liliana runs up to you, smiling.

"Hello, my love!"

You blush, and hug her tightly.

You tell her what happened.

Liliana listens intently as you tell her about the experience.

"So, the councilman..."

"Carpenter."

"Yeah, Carp. What happened to him?"

"I bested him."

"Ha! Gods, you're good at that."

You nod, smiling.

"Who was the other one?"

"A challenger. A vampire."

"Oh? Anything interesting happen?"

"Yeah, he surrendered after I put a hole in his leg."

Liliana laughs.

"I love you." She says. 

You say "You know....we never really had a wedding night"

She smiles.

"Well, we can remedy that."

You and her kiss, and you decide to spend the rest of your life with her.

You bring her to the bedroom and undress, kissing the whole time.

You slowly peel off her clothes, kissing up her neck to her ear. You whisper dirty words in her ear and kiss down to her breasts, taking one into your mouth. She breaks into a shuddering, moaning groan as your hands work on her back to help ease the tension from her muscles.

Soon, the two of you are on the bed, naked and sweating. You've brought out your 'prize' from your bag and place it on your desk. Liliana looks at it, smiling.

"What's that?" she asks, raising an eyebrow.

"My new pet." You say.

You unwind the chain and hold the medusa in your hand. It is a very docile creature, and only seem to be scared of you. At this distance, you're pretty sure you'd be able to decapitate it.

You kiss Liliana.

You press your lips against hers, and she begins to kiss back. You push her down on the bed and begin to make love to her slowly, building up the pace as you go on.

You pull the covers over yourself.

You pull the covers over the both of you. There are no windows in your room, so there is no way for either of you to check the time.

You kiss her.

You kiss her deeply, as she does the same. There's something going on between the both of you, and the medusa won't be able to resolve it.

You kiss Liliana.

Liliana lets out a quiet moan into your mouth. You push her against the mattress, continuing to kiss her deeply. The pace of your thrusts increases, as does hers.

You hold her and give her a deep kiss.

You hold her and thrust into her, as she does likewise. Her legs wrap around your waist, and you push deeper into her.

You continue to kiss her as your hands roam her body. Her hands grip your head, as she thrusts her hips into yours.

You both release into each other.

Liliana closes her eyes, as you collapse on top of her.

"I really love you..." She whispers.

"I really love you, too...""could you stop taking the pill?" You ask.

She blushes, and asks what you mean. You explain that, with this kind of intimacy, the only thing protecting her from pregnancy is lack of sex. With your new revelation, her nervousness and anxiety seem to have disappeared.

"I really love you..." She says, smiling.

She kisses you and rolls over on top of you, her hand resting on your chest.

You look into her deep green eyes, and caress her cheek.

"I really love you..." You whisper into her ear.

"Mmmm..." she coos, kissing your mouth.

The medusa lies on the table, motionless.

You kiss Liliana.

You kiss her deeply. You never want to end this moment. But, you need to know one thing: are you absolutely sure she's not pregnant?

You have you been on the pill lately, Liliana?

"I haven't taken it in a few days." Liliana answers, pausing for a moment. "I'm really worried."

"Fuck the pill!" You scream.

You say "Do you not want to have a family?"

"I do!"

"FUCK!" You scream, loudly enough that even the gnomes running about can hear you.

You turn, and stare at the medusa's face.

You say "Do you wish to be pregnant Liliana?"

"Not particularly."

"Then, what's the point of it?"

"It's a tradition."

"What's that?

You say "What's a tradition?"

"It's a game."

"Of sorts?"

"Yes!"

"Let me guess... You want to play strip rock,Paper-Rock-Scissors?"

"Correct!"

You say "Liliana,"

"Yes?"

"You may now remove an article of clothing."

"Thank you."

She slips off her robe, revealing her naked body. You blush, as she grins.

You say "Do you think that we are ready for a family?"

"I'm ready," Liliana says.

"Yes, but I still have to ask dad first."

"Of course," she says, frowning a bit.

You say "Dad wants grandchildren"

"He does, but I haven't met someone yet who I want to have a family with."

"Well, there's always me."

She smiles and kisses you.

You say "Do you think that I would be bad father?"

"I don't think you'd be good, considering the type of man you are."

Your hands grip her arms as you stand and look at her.

You say "What type of man am I?"

"You're a hunter. You love to kill. You have a death wish. You..."

She stops as she notices you're getting angry.

"Shut up.

You pull away and walk out.

"I don't want to hear anymore."

You walk from the room and slam your fist into the wall. You feel a sharp pain in your hand, but it goes numb immediately.

You go sit in the room meant for the children.

You sit in the bed and feel a dull ache in your hand.

After a few minutes, Liliana enters. She walks up to the bed and sits beside you.

You stay silent.

"You're in no condition to go hunting," she says, resting her hand on your chest. "You could end up getting yourself killed.

You say "Do you really think that I love to kill?"

"I don't think you love anything. That's why you're such a disappointment to dad."

You grab her hand and twist it behind her back.

You say "Why do you think that I would marry you if I did not love you?"

"I don't know."

You let go of her and she grabs your hand, rubbing the cut with her other hand."

"I... I'm sorry.

You say "I love you with all of my heart Liliana, you are my wife, but I do not want to be with you if this is who you will become"

She wipes away a tear from her eye as she hugs you.

"I want you to be happy, but I'm sorry too... Don't cry..."

You say "Why would I be a disappointment to your father?"

She frowns and wipes away another tear.

"He's afraid I'll grow up to be just like you."

Her words hit you like a punch to the gut. You sit forward and grab her hands.

You say "Are you afraid that you will be like me?"

She keeps crying as she shakes her head.

"I want to be a hunter just like you... I want to... want to..."

You say "You already are a hunter, because you caught my heart"

You lean in slowly and kiss her. She leans forward, giving in to the kiss.

"A... a Hunter can't do that..."

You give her another kiss.

You say "I already did"

She hugs you as she continues to cry.

After a few minutes, you realize that you're lying on your back and she's straddling you.

"Shouldn't hunters stand when they hug their friends?"

You put your arms around her and hold her close.

"We're more than friends" You whisper into her ear.

You say "You are my wife"

She looks into your eyes and gives a faint smile.

"My father will never accept that."

You take her hand in yours and hold it close to your chest.

You say "I love you, and we should start a family"

She smiles and kisses you.

"I'm... I'm trying!"

She looks into your eyes.

You say "Trying what?"

She sits on your stomach and looks into your eyes.

"I'm trying to forget that you did that to me, I'm trying to forget you..."

You say "What did I do? Everything I do is for! you! This house is for you! That sword in our room is for you! That ring on you finger is for you? My heart is for you! Why do you think I went and risked my life dueling a vampire just so you wouldn't cry anymore?"

She blushes and looks away.

"You're not supposed to cry when you're around me!"

You take her face in your hands.

You say "I don't cry around you. I dueled people I have known my entire life just because you thought that they hated you."

She smiles and hugs you.

"How can I not cry when you risk your life for me?"

She sits up and gets off of you.

You say "Where are you going?"

She gives you a faint smile and waves goodbye.

"I'm going on an adventure, just like you do... But I need to go soon...."

You say "I have never gone on an adventure and I don't ever plan to"

She laughs and kisses you.

"Then you'll never know the satisfaction of seeing something you've gone out of your way to do."

You say "I already have that with you"

She looks into your eyes and touches the side of your face.

"Then we're the perfect couple, because, as you once said, I'm already in your heart."

You say "We are not perfect couple, we both have a lot of flaws"

She shakes her head in disagreement.

"I don't. You once said we're two sides of the same coin, so that means, we're perfect."

You say "It doesn't"

She smiles and walks to the door, she turns around before walking through the door.

"It does if you believe."

You say "You are going to leave me all alone here, aren't you?"

She nods and gives you a faint smile.

"That's why we go on adventures, to be with people we like and love."

The door closes leaving you all alone in the room.

You howl in grief.

You howl in grief for your lost love.

It's been three months since Liliana left you. Three months since you've smiled. Three months since you've felt anything but sorrow.

You go to the town mage.

A year ago you lost your wife to an adventure. You haven't been the same since.

The town mage is an elderly gnome by the name of Gubbin.

You say "Gubbin, need your help"

He looks up from his writing and says "What can I do for you, Will?".

"My wife... Liliana... She left me a year ago, and I need you to figure out where she is. I will pay you in gold upon completion".

He laughs a bit "I don't take jobs like that, Will.

You say "Why not?"

"I have enough trouble keeping this place running as it is, why do you think I need to hire more people?"

"Then what do you need?"

You say "I need you to find out where she is"

He thinks for a moment and begins to shuffle some papers around.

"I can't do that, Will. I'm sorry.

You say "Or tell me who can"

He stops shuffling and looks up.

"There is a very large fine list of possible reasons why I can't tell you who can, Will. I'm not on it.

You say "I will give you anything"

He thinks for a moment.

"Alright, alright, but this is final. I'm not telling you anything more, unless you're prepared to pay a large amount of gold."

You say "Thank you gubbin "

He begins to write in a few more papers and says "One moment..."

He finishes three other papers and hands you the last one.

You look at the paper.

The paper reads:

Gubbin has asked you to step into his office, he would like to speak with you in private.

Do you:

B) Go to his office now?

C) Wait for a while and keep visiting this page until he tells you anything?

D) Leave and visit other pages of this website?

You threaten him.

You threaten him by saying "You better give me something gubbin, or else"

He looks up "Or else what?"

You say "I will do nothing, I do not have the balls"

"Who said anything about balls? I said I don't have the balls to threaten you. I'm not doing that."

"What do you mean?

You say "I just miss her, I want to talk to her once more"

You stare at him, confused.

"Why won't you help me?"

He looks up and stares at you, as if thinking.

"Because, I'm old, and I'm not sure if I have many more years left in me. Because... I'm scared."

You say "You have known me since I was born, and you are my friend. I have some tonics that Virgil gave me, they will help you complete this task unharmed. I don't like who I am without her. When she left, she took my soul with her."

He doesn't look convinced, but he reads the paper.

"Very well" he says, "I accept the terms. Take these scrolls with you." He hands you a few scrolls.

"I'll want half of the payment upon her safe return, the other half upon her safe return with you."

You nod.

"Okay..."

You say "Thank you so much gubbin, you truly are the best gnome around"

He smiles.

"Thank you, Will. I'm glad you finally realize that."

You begin to leave, as a memory crosses your mind...

You are sitting in a large library, surrounded by books. You are six or seven, your mother is holding your hand as she reads you a book.

"Once," you read, "there was a man who lived in a forest..."

You remember being in that very forest, playing with wood and shaping it into animals and people.

You read the scrolls.

The first one is rather short, it explains that you can't harm Gubbin, but he will suffer greatly if you try to take the puppets out of his office.

The second one is a little longer, it has diagrams and schematics of Gubbins' office and how to get in.

The third and longest one seems to be from a different time, it has random chunks of old Ayleid writing on it.

"They're ancient," Gubbins explains. "Sometimes they riddle their writings with mistakes, or forget a word. They used to write like that, so their paperwork would take a long time to complete."

You say "How does this tell me where she is?"

"Because it's complicated."

You say nothing and just leave the room.

On your way out, you bump into an older man, human looking but with a long white beard.

You say "Hello, Mr......"

"Elder. Stagir," he says, "Or at least, that's my name, I haven't really been called it in years."

"How long have you worked here?"

You say "Are you a wizard?"

"No, why do you ask?

You say "I need to find a dark elf named Liliana"

"Ah, yes. She was here, a long time ago. She left when I hired Murk here."

"Hired?

You say "Where did she go?"

"She went to the Delantium Kingdom, I believe. She wanted to be a hunter there.

You say "Are you absolutely sure?"

"Yes, I believe that's where she went."

You leave the library and wander the halls in a daze.

You go home and get her broadsword and your wicked black daggers and some traveling gear and return to town.

You look for Murk on the streets and find him sweeping the floors.

"Murk, where is everyone? What's going on?"

"What? Me worry? No, sir! The strangest thing happened, we had a massive food shortage but then it disappeared!

You go to the delantium kingdom.

You go to the Delantium Kingdom.

You arrive in a town called Dusk. There is a wall surrounding it, but large enough to walk through.

You ask around for Liliana.

Soon, people stop dancing around you and tell you where to find her.

You say "Where is she?"

They point you over to a local tavern called the Woggly.

"She's in there," they say. "Never has a girl loved her bard so!"

You go to the tavern.

It's a pretty big Tavern, though smaller than some of the other taverns in the kingdom.

You look for Liliana and don't let her see you.

You enter the tavern, trying to stay cloaked. You see a girl with long dark hair and a very... passionate embrace with some man you've never seen before.

You wait for her to go to the bathroom.

You wait outside the bathroom. You hear the water run, and then the flush.

Suddenly, you get attacked!

You draw your black daggers and put it to their throat, quietly.

You clamp down on your opponent's throat with one hand, while drawing one of your daggers with the other. You bring the knife to their throat.

You say "Who are you?"

You ask the man this question, but he doesn't answer. He only looks at you with a crazed look in his eyes.

You pull back the knife and stab it into his thigh

You pull back your knife and shove him away, making sure he doesn't come back.

You push the bleeding man out of the way and hurry to the bathroom.

You see a girl with long dark hair and brilliantly green eyes, with fair skin, and her pointed ears just peeking out from her hair

You grab her mouth and gently push her against a wall and tell her to be quiet.

You grab the girl and push her against a wall. She gasps when she hits the wall, and you quickly wrap your hands around her mouth and nose.

You shush her and kiss her

You put your face close to hers and speak, "Be quiet, my beautiful elf."

You grab her culture hair and kiss her deeply.

You say "It is your husband, Liliana"

She nods slowly, and you take your hands off her mouth. She begins to cough.

You speak, "Alright, what is this all about?"

She asks you a few questions. Where are you from, and so forth. Her name is Liliana. She and her husband come from the small village of Dert.

You say "I am your husband Liliana, I gave that ring that is on your finger now"

She seems happy by this revelation, and you both continue speaking. She reveals that she was sent to Uruk by her tribal leader, Warrick.

You say "Why did you leave me Liliana?"

She seems sad by this, but eventually her face returns to its usual happy expression.

"I do not know, my love. What do you think happened?"

You say "I think that you left me, and I was so depressed I almost jumped off the roof of our house and killed myself"

She seems concerned by this, but continues to smile.

"I am sorry to hear that, but that would have been a foolish thing to do."

You say "Do not tell me what is foolish or not! You left me, and we were going to have a family together"

Her face grows serious once again.

You say "And I see that you have already replaced me with another man"

She shakes her head

"No sweetie, you are my husband, you'll always be my husband. But it's alright. I came back to you, didn't I?"

You say " No you didn't! I came to you! I was ready to kill myself Liliana! Because I don't want to live without you!"

She puts her hand on your face, "I know, my love. That's why I came back to you. You are my life now, and my love for you will never end."

You say "You did not come back! It's been three months!"

She nods slowly, "I know. That's why I came here. I knew you wouldn't hurt yourself over me. And that's why I need your help."

You say "No you didn't! You leave me! You make me almost kill myself! You make me travel through a whole country! And now you want my help?"

She gets closer to your face, her eyes are filled with worry and anxiety.

You say "It makes me wonder why I married you"

She gets very close to your face, her eyes filling your eyes with a mixture of sadness and anxiety.

You say "Say something!"

She begins to smile, "I miss you."

You think for a moment, and try to recall the last time you remember feeling such intense emotions.

You say "I am leaving this place follow me if you love me, or don't, your choice affects my life."

She shakes her head, smiling, "I don't want to follow you, I want to live with you."

You begin to cry as she embraces you.

You push her away.

She begins to cry as well, "What? I don't understand."

You pull out her sword off your back, and hand it to her.

You say "Take it as a reminder of what used to be, when you loved me back"

"You what!" she says getting very angry.

You walk slowly out of the bathroom.

She begins to yell as you walk out of the bathroom. You turn and give a look that says many things about the sorrow you feel.

You continue to walk out of the tavern.

You remember teaching Liliana to hunt, but you specifically remember teaching to recognize different sounds of the war horn used in hunting.

You walk outside and begin to blow the horn, the deep tone begins to sound.

Liliana looks at you with so much sadness and hopelessness. For that was the sound of the war horn signaling the loss of a loved one. It was a powerful, and utterly terrible sound.

Liliana knew she had to tell him the truth. Because if she didn't, it would kill him.

The End!