Your name is Alexis Lynn, and sometimes you briefly wonder about what cities must have looked like long ago. But you've spent most of your early life locked up in an underground shelter, hidden away from it all, together with eight other families. Only around the age of twelve did you see the sky and outdoors for the first time, mostly due to neccessity because of food running short. Risking the dangers of radiation, the doors to the outside opened for the first time. You've since discovered that though little remains of society, nature flourished in the absense of man, and you weren't the only survivors out there. But the first months of making contact with others were rough.

Many of the original residents of your shelter, your parents included, died around you in the following years due to hunger, thirst, (radiation) sickness... or violent encounters with outsiders. But you remained here, and others arrived. Through the years more survivors banded together to form 'Crater Hill', your home. And by sheer luck or skill, you've remained alive, and have since managed to grow up into a strapping young...?

You're a woman, but at a glance you may as well be mistaken for a boy. You keep your hair short and your skin covered. There's little room for traditional beauty, because although the radiation has lowered enough that surviving outside the shelter is possible, there are still dangers lurking around every corner.

For starters, it seems that insects have somehow thrived in the radiation, and mosquitoes swarm everywhere. They come in all sizes now, with the smaller ones being most active around dusk and the larger ones hunting at night. Even keeping your skin exposed during daylight will eventually net you a good few stings, and that is why you prefer to wear thick leather, and stitching up whatever pre-atomic clothing you may find and wrapping it around you in layers. You've heard tales of huge swarms sucking a man completely dry, and you're not eager to find out if such rumors are true.

You recall this particular tale grimly as you swat at something buzzing unseen near your right ear. You've been working hard since early morning on your daily assignment, and you're looking forward to return to your tent.

You've been on patrol today, equipped with a pistol and six bullets. Every day Crater Hill requires two or three volunteers to scout out the nearby area. Mostly to ensure safety for anyone working outside the 'town', but also to try and contact other survivors - especially traders. With supplies running lower each year, it is vital that more trade is established with some of the other survivor encampments out in the wilds.

You've never strayed far outside of Crater Hill yourself, and no-one you know ever left and returned, but from what you've gathered Crater Hill is surrounded by larger settlements on all sides, and traders do sometimes make the trip. Last year two Crater Hill scouts managed to intercept a caravan heading towards one of the larger settlements, and persuaded them to trade their goods here instead. That was good fortune, and the goal has since been to turn Crater Hill into a central trading hub of sorts. Yet the nearby surroundings remain too treacherous, consisting mostly of swamp, rubble and jungle. Because contrary to the theory of nuclear winter, post-atomic life tended to be on the warm side, and it was particularly hot today. Due to your thick-layered clothing and the humid environment, you were quickly covered in sweat. But the many buzzing insects around you, and simple common sense prevented you from dressing more scantily. Mosquitoes weren't the only ones lusting after your skin.

Altogether you didn't venture too far, but strayed long, as you were accompanied by Pity, another 'volunteer'. Pity was a small, excitable man, barely reaching your breasts in height. You've patrolled with him a few times before, mostly in the recent weeks. You're still not quite sure how he got the nickname, but it seemed to fit him. He had a unique way in reacting to just about anything, often waving his arms dramatically whenever he spoke and often unsuccesfully looking to pick a fight with the kind of folk that tended to avoid trouble. You might have mistaken him for simple, but he seems to be surprisingly intelligent, as supported by his vocabulary. Perhaps he is compensating for his small size, but then you started to notice he mostly seemed to react in his show-off manner when around you. You can take a guess as to what he is after, but you find him amusing more than sexy.

Having seen nothing but bugs and useless scrap out in the wilderness, you and Pity return to Crater Hill around dusk. He has kept talking to you throughout the entire patrol. You return your pistol to the armory, but you keep the six bullets since they were yours (Did you press 'Start game'? They should show up in your score).

You are now both standing outside the armory, an overgrown concrete bunker in the ground. It is one of the few indoor area's, most of the other inhabitants of Crater Hill living outside in tents these days. Pity forces you to chat for a little while longer, the both of you taking advantage of the dim light that the buzzing industrial light outside the armory provides. But you cut Pity's latest story off as darkness sets in completely and mosquitoes come flocking.

You are tired and eager to get to your tent, but Pity insists on having a drink and a wager at the 'casino'; which in truth was little more than a large wooden shack. Ever since they managed to get their own generator up and running last month it had been very popular among the residents of Crater Hill, however. There is music, alcohol, lights, dice, playing cards... and for most it is a place to 'unwind' after a tiring day. Anything can be wagered, with the more common currency being bullets, tokens, food, drugs, alcohol... or favors.

"Just one drink, Alexis", Pity insists, waving his arms frantically as if it will help convince you. "And I'll pay for it too, if you stay for a game of cards with the guys".

"Very well", you concede. You suppress a yawn as Pity starts eagerly pushing you in the direction of the casino. You pass more tents and wooden constructions. Crater Hill has a little over four hundred survivors now, mostly consisting of scattered groups. There is no true leadership to speak of, and most important decisions here are made by vote, where everyone gets their say. This method of leadership wasn't always very quick or effective, and downright disastrous when a decision needs to be made quickly. So contrary to what the name would suggest, Crater Hill was an easy target for plunder by just about any sizeable well-organized faction out there. And everyone knew it, too. People were uneasy, and rumors of an imminent large bandit raid started spreading.

You're not sure how or where the rumor started, but lately it seemed that even some of the groups within Crater Hill were considering taking command. One such group were the 'Pillbuggers'. This wasn't their true faction name, since they didn't have one. But everyone took to calling them that. In truth they were simply called 'Gort's group', as they were led by a fat, ugly man with that exact monicker, who was rumored to have the temper to compliment his bloated size.

Gort's Pillbugs stuck with their own, their tents and shacks surrounded by a barrier of pallets and wire. It was as if they had formed their own fortress within Crater Hill, and it was certainly the most defended part of the latter. Although the Pillbugs tended to be thieves, rapists and troublemakers, they (usually) tended not to kill anyone. After the last time such an 'incident' did happen, relations have soured between the Pillbugs and the other residents of Crater Hill. But they were certainly far too well-armed and fortified to kick out, and nobody felt like getting on their bad side. Well, almost no-one. Luckily, they seem to have been behaving since then, mostly sticking to their camp.

You pass the entrance to their fortified perimiter on the way to the casino. Nobody tends to get in (or out) of the Pillbug camp unless you're in their good books, and judging by the glaring look on the face of the guard, Pity certainly wasn't on their good side.

"What're ya looking at?", Pity exclaims angrily, surprising even the guard with the provocation. The guard readies his metal club, but doesn't move from his spot, watching Pity closely. Pity alters his route to step closer to the guard. "Yeah, I'm talking to you, pillhead", Pity exclaims angrily, now stood right in front of the guard and barely reaching up to his waist in size. "Guess what? I learned it was *you* and your grubby pals that rummaged through my stuff last week!".

You can tell that the guard is more than ready to knock Pity back, as he's gripping his hands around the metal club tightly.

You grab Pity by the back of his jacket and hurl him out of the way as the Pillbug guard brings his club down. You overestimate Pity's weight, and he goes flying backwards into the dirt. He casts you an annoyed look, but the guard seems appeased by Pity's humiliating tumble. "That's right", he says. "Ya' better move along if you know what's good for you".

You hear Pity grunting behind you as he gets back to his feet and dusts himself off. Meanwhile, the guard has turned to you, but not in a threatening way. "But *you* can stay if you'd like. Har, har", he says to you in what you assume is supposed to be a seductive tone of voice. You can tell that he is definitely checking you out in the meagre light that the two torches on each side of the gate provide, and he's likely already aroused just by correctly identifying you as female.

You take the opportunity to look him over as well. He seems young and looks brutish, although he is attractive in a toned and muscular way. He's likely bald, but you can't really tell because he is wearing an old army helmet like the one you usually wear out on patrol. Yours is bare, but his helmet is adorned with a painted symbol at the front. It is supposed to resemble a white wheel, the symbol of Gort's gang. But you can't help but visualizing it as a curled up roly-poly in your mind. It matched the 'Pillbug' monicker people tended to give the gang.

A sudden battlecry signals that Pity has resumed the attack, and you see him zip past you in a beeline towards the guard. This time, the guard is ready for him - readying his club for a swing. Pity launches himself at the guard's throat, and you close your eyes as you hear a loud whack. When you dare to look again, Pity is on the floor and the guard stands over his motionless body.

You hurry towards the two just in time to see Pity begin squirming in the dirt. At first you assume he's in pain, but when you get closer it seems more like he is wheezing with unbridled rage and trying to get back up. You are close to him, but the murderous look you observe in his eyes almost makes you recoil. The Pillbugger also takes one glance at Pity's expression and then raises his club to knock him out completely.

You decide not to intervene, clenching your teeth in annoyance at Pity's behaviour. You reckon that if Pity gets roughened up a little by the guard, he may have brought it on himself. Perhaps it'll be a good lesson.

You step back into the shadows as the guard holds both ends of the club in his hands, towering over Pity. "You want a fuckin' beating?", the guard roars as he swings the club to try and send your small companion flying. But Pity tumbles aside with surprising speed, and then smashes his fist upwards into the guard's crotch. You wince as an audible crunch is heard and the guard screams and topples over in pain, dropping his club in front of Pity's feet.

Pity picks up the club and throws it away into the barbed wire, then returns to your side. The guard is trying to get back up to give chase, but Pity quickly pushes you onward in the direction of the casino. "I think we better leave now", he utters. "I'm sure he got the gist of what I was trying to convey".

You can't believe Pity's recklessness, nor his dirty fighting methods. But you'd be lying if you said you weren't impressed with the results... or his courage for that matter. "They are going to try and hurt you now, you realize that?", you warn Pity, but he simply shrugs in response.

"He wouldn't be the first nor last. I like to treat my enemies distinctly different from my friends, and them Pillbugs aren't of the latter kind. Have you seen the way they look at you and me?"

"I've seen the way they look at you", you reply, but he shakes his head with a slight smirk.

"Oh, 'course. They want to hurt me", he replies, "But they want to do other things entirely to a fine young woman like you, trust me". Pity quickly looks over his shoulder to see if the guard follows before continuing, but no-one seems to be in pursuit. "And they will, if they get the say around here. I'm just trying to... hit them where it hurts before that happens".

You reach the casino, and it seems to be a busy evening. At least twenty people are cramped inside sitting on improvised chairs around tables, playing cards and smoking, laughing or drinking. Pity's friends seem to be there, too, as two guys start waving in the direction of you two.

"Come, I'll introduce you to my friends", Pity says as he slaps your ass firmly in full view of his buddies, confirming your earlier suspicions as to his intentions.

Your ass hurts now.

Pity seems to be surprisingly strong. Your leather pants did little to dampen the slap, so ignoring the stinging on your ass to the best of your abilities you proceed to make your way to the table where his friends are seated. They offer you an empty beer crate to sit on, and you gratefully plant your sore behind on it. Meanwhile, Pity is left without a seat. "Oi. Where's my spot?", Pity asks, waving his hands frantically to attract attention from his friends, who seem to have their focus on you instead.

"Sorry. We didn't know you'd bring such lovely company", the taller of the two friends says. You are certain that you have seen this friend around before. He is hard to miss, being one of the engineers keeping the generators and powergrid up and running. He is muscular and handsome, sporting a slight beard but somehow missing the pinky finger on his left hand. Still, you suppose you wouldn't mind getting to 'know' him better if you judged by appearance alone. Yet you remain somewhat wary as he seems to be coming on rather strong, pulling your crate closer to him despite the fact that you're still sitting on it.

"Very funny", Pity grunts, observing the attention you are getting from his pals with mild annoyance. "She's Alexis, my patrol buddy. I invited her over for a drink, but she's willing to join in a game of cards". Pity shuffles over towards you, placing a hand on your shoulder and addressing you as he gestures towards his friends. "The slow, tall one is Travis, and the small one goes by John".

Both of his friends look like Pity just slapped them in the face. "Slow?", Travis asks, outraged. "Small? Coming from you?", John exclaims. Within seconds they are already bickering like idiots, each of them seeming so eager to make a good impression on you that they are doing the exact opposite.

You decide to break up the verbal fight, picking up one of the two alcohol beverages already on the table and taking a long swig. You then point at the deck of cards on the table. "So, how do we play this game?", you ask. John looks impressed and amused, while Travis stares with mixed feelings at his drink in your hand. You're mostly just eager to get this over with so you can go to bed. You're starting to feel light-headed.

"It's quite simple", John explains, proceeding to give you a thorough explanation of the game. You catch vague instructions about needing a higher number than the card that is revealed, but it is anything but simple and your tired mind can barely make sense of any of it. You take another swig from the drink and nod in faked comprehension as John finishes his explanation.

"Alright. What should we play for? Tokens, possessions or favors?", John asks, raising his eyebrow in amusement as you reveal that you have no tokens on you. "Possessions or favors, then. Either you offer something up and we'll match the worth, or you decide the favor you need and we'll pick a return favor from you.".

You don't have much of value, but you suppose you could put your bullets up for wager. You only have six, but they tend to be worth a lot and you could stand to gain something useful in return. Then again, should you lose you will no longer be able to requisition a pistol at the armory for your patrols, since you will have nothing to load it with. You suppose you could also pick a favor, but you can't really think of anything, nor are you sure you wish to find out what the three will ask for in return should they win.

Though perhaps you *could* use some help digging out a new latrine?

Against your better judgement, you decide to bet on a favor. John seems delighted until you state your demands should you win.

"If I win you brave chaps will be digging my new latrine", you smirk, crossing your arms as you await their response. Travis shakes his head and Pity scratches the back of his neck, but John - possibly most inebriated or horny of the three - eventually seems willing to take you up on it. "Sure. That'll take me... what... half a day at most?", he grins. "I'm willing to risk getting my hands dirty. What about you, Alexis?".

You roll your eyes, awaiting what his counter proposal will be, and he's quick to come up with an offer. "If I win, you spend the night in my tent with me", John states without hestitation as he points directly at you. You are surprised at his boldness, and notice that Pity's eyes seem to light up with anger. If you want to avoid another fight between the guys, you may have to respond quickly.

John is flipping the cards in his hands, gazing at you as if undressing you with with his eyes.

Travis and Pity look on in horror as you reveal your card, but John's grin only widens. "A six of clubs? Really? You must really want this", he laughs. "It's settled then. You're sleeping with me tonight".

You are still unsure what happened, but are apparently supposed to resign yourself to the written agreement that Pity is still waving around in his hand. You sit around in a daze as the guys laugh and share a few more drinks, offering you the occasional sip. They play a few more games amongst eachother, with Pity losing his army knife to Travis and John forced into a favor for Pity. You are so tired and dazed from what just happened that you fail to catch all the details of Pity's particular favor, but it seems related to getting Pity's stuff back from someone. Rather than wondering any further, you nod off to sleep, still seated on your crate.

You eventually catch yourself falling forwards, and the guys go silent as they take notice. John stands up to place his hand on your shoulder. "Well, I think it's about time I take Alexis to bed. 't Was fun, lads." He flashes a meaningful smirk towards the others as he lifts you to your feet. "You should bring colleagues to our gaming nights more often, Pity". Pity looks at the both of you leave with an expression that seems to be equal parts disgust and shame.

You only wake up again somewhat after you are standing outside the casino with John having his arm wrapped around your waist, nudging you in an unfamiliar direction. The gravity of your predicament now dawns on you. You have somehow managed to get into a situation where you are obliged to follow John to his tent and offer yourself to him.

Well, you lost fair and square. At least you think you did, even if you had no idea what the rules were supposed to be. Besides, as far as ending up in someone's bed, John seemed a step above a literal Pity fuck. And with a bed as the destination, you might finally get some rest during or after satisfying your obligation.

As you're dragged along by John to a part of Crater Hill you rarely frequent, you can't help but feel strangely excited. John doesn't even bother speaking to you, dragging you to his tent as if you were no more than a newly gained possession. It could also be that he is assuming that you are too tired for conversation, but something about his rough determination excites you.

Indeed, you end up almost thrown into his tent, landing on your back on an old, dirty mattress. John quickly lights a candle, then is on you in seconds. He unbuttons your leather jacket and forces his dry, crackled lips against yours. You are barely able to act, hearing a ripping noise as he then pulls your shirt upwards a little too roughly for your liking. You are not wearing a bra underneath, such fragile luxury mostly unavailable in the post-atomic world, so his rough hands are on your exposed breasts in moments - kneading them with waaay too much enthusiasm.

You yelp in agony as the sharp pain gets through to your tired mind. This is not as enjoyable as you perhaps hoped.

You clench your teeth as John continues abusing your breasts, until after what feels like minutes he mercifully stops and sits up in a kneeling position. He peers at you as you lie on your back, the flame of the candle reflecting in his eyes and making him seem even more menacing. You blinks nervously as he suddenly starts reaching for his zipper and unbuckles his belt. Within seconds he has retrieved his stiffening member. "I guess it truly is my lucky day", he remarks casually as he gazes at a point between your legs.

Your gaze is focussed on his cock. It seems to rapidly gain in size and girth, and it arches right up at you. "I-I didn't think you would be that eager t-to show it off", you stutter nervously as little to no action seems to be expected from your side. He grins dangerously at you."Oh, but I am, and the real show ain't even started yet".

"Wait, I'm not sure this is a good idea", you try protesting, realizing he is going to follow through. A sense of dread comes over you; You doubt John is going to pull out in time, and you have absolutely no intention of getting pregnant to a random man at a casino. Just as you decide to throw him off you to speak your mind, he places one hand on your throat. He isn't quite squeezing yet, but the implication causes you to remain still. His arm blocks your view as he brings his free hand towards your pants, roughly prying them off. "Oh, but this is a great idea. You'll enjoy it. Trust me".

You let out a yelp as you are helpless to prevent John from unbuckling your belt and sliding your pants down. You squirm as much as possible, but it ends up looking more sensual than effective. "Oh, you have the moves alright", John grins as he pulls down your boxers too. He bends his cock down and pushes it between your legs, forcing you to spread them as he finds his mark. You gasp in shock and pain from the sudden attempted penetration.

You mind starts to panic. Is he trying to get you pregnant?

You move your legs upwards in an attempt to knock John off, but he still has his fingers gripped around your neck, and he squeezes them so tightly that you nearly black out. You cease your struggling as you desperately stare at him instead, trying to urge him not to do this using your eyes alone. But he isn't even looking at you, readying himself for the second thrust, and you realize you are screwed in more ways than one. You can do nothing but brace yourself.

John grunts loudly as he forces his cockhead inside you, instantly making you feel like he is splitting your insides. You clench around him tightly and your mouth hangs open. You would scream if his hand wasn't still applying pressure to your neck. The lack of foreplay makes it a generally unenjoyable experience for you, and you dig your nails into the mattress to deal with the pain. Your eyes roll upwards as he forces himself in further, not even having bottomed out yet. You convulse underneath him, agony overwhelming you.

John groans as he finally lets go of your throat, grabbing your sides as he thrusts into you a few times, until you feel his balls slap against your ass. You gasp for air, looking down in sheer terror as he seems to have bottomed all the way out inside you. "T-that hurts", you cry pathetically, your eyes filled with tears of strain. John ignores you as he continues thrusting, starting to gradually work up his pace until he is bouncing against you in a steady rythm. You gasp with every thrust, your mouth still hanging open and your exposed breasts bouncing freely beneath your pulled-up shirt.

At the very least the sheer friction of his humping is slowly lubricating your insides, and each thrust becomes smoother and less painful as you steadily become wet. "See? You're enjoying it", John grins confidently as he keeps slamming into you, increasing his pace further as the lubrication allows it. You feel drops of sweat hit your exposed skin as he starts building up his rythm into an almost animalistic frenzy. You're not sure how much more you can endure, but then he pushes in as far as he can, and you feel your insides explode with heat.

You scream in frustration as John pulls out, leaving you bruised and in agony. You feel semen leak down your inner thighs and onto the mattress. You try to move, but his weight is still on you and he is panting heavily as he regains his breath, all the while still leaking cum all over your lower body.

You have a sinking feeling in your chest as you realize that just happened.

In a flash you have managed to get up and dart past the exhausted John to leave the tent. You stumble as you try to get your clothing back around your body while putting as much distance between you and him as possible. You only get a few meters before you trip over your pants and slide painfully into a ditch, leaving you on the verge of crying out. But the darkness covers you perfectly so you remain absolutely still. You don't hear John following you, but you fear he'll consider your favor unfulfilled, since the night was long from over.

You remain in the ditch for a few minutes, catching your breath and soundlessly crying. Your elbows, groin and knees hurt. You are smelling of John's semen and sweat. Both seem to attract mosquitoes, as you hear them swarming all around you. You never properly managed to get your clothes back on, and you are pretty sure all the exposed parts of your skin that you didn't manage to cover up are now getting feasted on. Yet you dare not swat at the bugs for risk of making noise.

You make a mental note to never get near Pity or his friends again as you decide what to do next.

You still don't dare risk getting back to your tent, deciding to wait a little longer just to play it safe. You are close enough to John's tent to hear him rummaging around, and you fear he might leave the tent and discover you at any moment. As the minutes pass, drowsiness sets in again. You did not end up in the most comfortable position, but it is tolerable. Your eyes close as you try your best to listen for any more sounds coming out of the tent.

When you inadvertently pass out from exhaustion you never wake up again.

The next morning other residents of Crater Hill find your body at the bottom of the incline, thousands of mosquito bites around your chest. Your breasts are completely drained. It is assumed you fell down the ditch and got knocked unconcious, the bigger mosquitoes having had all the time they needed to suck you dry.

Your death is briefly mourned but then quickly forgotten. Such is life in Crater Hill.