Kathy seemed to answer the question for you, as she came to your office door, eyes red with tears.

“What’s wrong? Please come in .... sit down” you say as you rise, and move to pull out the chair for her, closing the door behind her.

“I, I just don’t think I am ready to write the investment exam, but I know I need to pass it before my probation ends. I have have failed it twice and I keep failing the practice exams. I just don’t know what to do. Can you help me?” She pleads, looking up at you with those beautiful brown eyes. Her full bottom lip starting to tremble.

“Come now, don’t cry. I am would be happy to help you. Let me check my calendar.” You say as you pick up your phone and start pretending to scan through your calendar. “Well as you can imagine I am quite busy” you explain watching the colour start to drain from her face, “but for someone as promising as you... hmmm...I can cancel my dinner engagement tonight and we can work late tonight or cancel golf with Dr. Arlington on Saturday.” You ask looking up at her over your phone.

A look of shock on her face, “oh sir, I don’t want to cause any trouble.”

“Kathy, helping you is far more important. Now which time works best for you?” You ask with a look of sincerity.

"Thank you, thank you. I will totally owe you and make it up to you some how!” she says.

"Well lets just keep this between us, I don't want any one to think that there is some type of favouritism." you say.

"Of course, definitely, I think..."

“Thank you sooooo much!!” she says jumping up and hugging you before quickly letting go. “Oh! Sir, I am sorry, I didn’t mean to... I mean... I shouldn’t... um sorry” she stammers , her face red with embarrassment. “I’m, thank you, I’ll see you after work” she says as she hurries out of your office.

You can still feel where she pushed her breasts against you and how they bounced when she jumped. They maybe bigger than you initially thought. Smiling, you debate how to take advantage of this scenario ... a plan comes to mind.

You are glad that the rest of the day passes quickly as your pants have felt tight all day and you can't wait. At five you start watching people finish up their work and then pack up for the day. By five thirty it is just you and Kathy. Shortly there after you hear a tap, at your door.

Feigning being busy you say "Yes? Can I help you?" without looking up from your paperwork.

"Sir, are you, um is now a good time to help me with, with ...." She starts to stammer.

You look up to see her looking down at her shoes cheeks flushed, you take a moment to appreciate her outfit today, a nice button up blouse with a calf length skirt, 2 inch platform heels, again all just a little too big for her, somewhat hiding her best assets, "Yes, your course, right, right, yes lets get started .. just give me a minute to clean up my work and we get started. Just have a seat, I'll be done shortly". Looking at your watch, 5:35, and *ring, ring* your phone goes off just as planned. You give Kathy an apologetic look as you pick up the phone.

Kathy just sits there and hears your half of the phone call:

"Hi darling, no I told you I won't be able to make our dinner reservation tonight ...... I told you I had to work late tonight ...... Oh come on now don't be like that ...... wait, wait, I didn't mean anything by that ...... I think you are blowing this out of proportions ...... SERIOUSLY, you are breaking up with me over this??? ... Julia? Julia?" You hang up the phone.

"She hung up on me." You state incredulously.

"I am sooooo sorry" Kathy say, "I, I, I didn't mean to cause you any trouble, maybe if you left right now you could catch her?"

"No, its too late for that" you say, a depressed look on your face. "I can't believe she would leave cause I wanted to stay and help you rather than go out to another dinner". You let your eyes start to water, mimicking tears, you let your face lower into your hands.

Leaning forward, Kathy presses herself against your shoulder, trying to wrap her arms around you, leaning down her head rest on yours. "I'm sorry, I'm sooooo sorry..." she whispers as you feel her breasts against your arm, her hair brushing your face.

You turn your chair and lean into her, your face now pressed against her breasts and hug her back, letting your body shake a little as if crying, but really just nestling between her breasts. You can tell she is somewhat stunned by your turn but just stands there.

After a few more second, "its OK, it'll be OK" she say, stroking the back of your head, trying to turn a little bit to pull away from you.

You hold her for a second longer than appropriate before letting go, "I'm sorry, you say, I should be more professional", you say as you wipe away the water in your eyes, take a deep breath and clear your throat. "Lets get started with that course".

"Ar, are you sure sir?" she asks hesitantly.

"Call me Peter, I insist" you tell her. Pulling up another chair to the desk you move your chair to sit beside her. "Now lets take a look at the book".

"OK, um, ya, so, the first area I have been struggling with is calculating bond yields ...." she tells you as she looks down at book.

You know she still talking but you are not really paying much attention to what she is saying, this is basic stuff that you can do in your sleep, so while you are able to answer her questions, the only real question in your mind is

Sitting next to her, you put your hand on her knee and start rubbing the inside of her leg. Not looking at her you continue to explain what an inverted yield curve is and why they tend to occur.

"Peter, stop" she says pushing your hand away.

"What? did I lose you on the inverted yield curve?" You ask innocently

"Nnooo, you just, um, never mind, sorry, I appreciate you help. So what you were saying it when the long term returns exceed the short term returns then it is classified as an inverted yield curve?" She asks, blushing slightly.

"No Kathy, you have it backwards still, short term yields exceeding long term yields, that is an inverted yield curve. You have to focus if you want to pass this exam. This will be your third attempt if you fail it again .... " You scold, watching her blush further and look down in embarrassment.

You continue to try and work with her on a few more questions moving your hand onto her knee again and start to caress it again. You hear her about to object but before you can you say, "OK Focus, Coupon rate equals????".

Clearly fluster, she stammers and stutters a response, "Um, is it, face value or, no, yes, face value over rate?"

Pulling your hand away "What?!" you exclaim in disbelief. "The coupon rate equals the face value over the coupon rate? How does that make any sense?"

"I'm sorry, I just don't know if I can do this, I don't even get why it is important, I can just use a calculator!" She complains, "I don't need to know this stuff to do my job..."

"I hear ya, but you have to get a pass on this course to keep working here, its not my rule," you respond.

Clearly frustrated and desperate, "Peter I just don't know if I can pass this test, I am terrible at test ... what can I do, I really like this job, I, I, I would do anything."

Kathy looks over at you with excitement, "You do?" she asks?

You lean forward and kiss her.

"Peter, Peter, I, but.. " She starts to protest.

You stop and just look at her, not saying a word, a second passes, two, then three, you see her reluctance diminish and finally collapse, and once again start to kiss her. She returns your kisses tentatively at first but it quickly turns mutual. You both stand, one hand sliding down to her ass, caressing and squeezing it, its as firm as it looked. Your other hand in her hair keeping her lips on your, her hands in your hair doing the same. You start moving your kisses down her chin and neck. You hear her breathing quicken, a small gasp, her head tilted back.

Your other hand moves down, with both you grab her ass, lift her off the ground towards you, her skirt slides up as her legs part as you put her on your desk. Continuing to kiss her, you start to unbutton her blouse, a kiss with each button stopping each protest with your lips. The last button comes free before she manages to speak.

"Peter, what are doing?" she asks

"Taking your shirt off" you respond as you kiss her deeply, pushing the blouse off her shoulders

"No, no, I mean, what is idea to help me?" she questions

"Don't worry, you will love this", you say smiling, kissing, unclasping her bra and letting her breast free. You take a moment to admire their firmness and shape as you slide the bra down.

Moving her arms to let the bra fall free, "but, but, if I, I mean if we, you know do this, how can you help?" she mumbles

You move down and start to kiss her breasts, kissing one and caressing the other with your hand, you hear her moan again, glancing up you can see her head tilted back again.

"Peter?" she moans

"Lets just say I know the invigilator's vices, trust me" you reassure her, while continuing to lick and suck at her breast, you feel her relax further.

"Peter, I just haven't done something like this before", she tells you

Not even slowing, "You mean you are a virgin?" you ask, just as your take her areola and nipple into your mouth and suckle gently, holding it with your teeth and then slowly pulling your head back letting your teeth slide along her hardening nipple.

"No" she laughs, "I am not a virgin!"

"I didn't think so" you respond, taking a quick nip at her breast before standing up straight and again and start undoing your shirt.

"I mean, I haven't, you know done this" she says, her hands moving along your chest.

"I don't even know what your are talking about" you tease, moving against her, feeling her breasts pressed against you, kissing her deeply again. Seconds and minutes pass as you continue to kiss and caress her, exciting her. Then you move your hands down and push her skirt the rest of the way up. Small black, lacy, bikini type briefs. "What are these?" you tease as you finger the edges of the panties, "You only wear something like this if you want someone to see them."

"mmmm, sometimes I, I just think about, mmm" She starts to mumble a response as your finger runs along the leg opening, just brushing the edge of her lips. On que she moves her hands down and start to undo your belt. Looking up at you seductively, she opens the button, sliding the zipper down.

You let your pants fall to the ground, a clear bulge in your boxer briefs bringing a smile to her face. You hook your thumbs onto both sides of her underwear and knowing what your are doing she bounces a couple of times to let you pull them down, her tits bouncing wildly as a pleasant bonus. You push yourself right against her, feeling her warmth and her wetness through your underwear.

"Peter, I want you inside of me" she pleads, kissing you desperately.

You reach down and start to finger her pussy, sliding your finger between her nether-lips. Wet and excited, she sucks in her breath and lets out a moan telling you she is more than ready.

Holding your face, kissing you over and over, between two she whispers "condom" more kisses,


"You don't have to worry, I am clean" you whisper in her ear, tickling the edge with your tongue as you slide your underwear down, freeing your hardness, feeling her jump as it comes down and rest on her well trimmed hair.

"No", she moans, "I am not on the pill", all the while breathing heavy, her hands in your hair.

"Don't worry, I'll make sure to pull out" you reassure her, your hand starting to direct yourself down

"But, I can't, I just don't want to get, ahhhh, mmmmmmm" She starts to protest as she feels your cock at her opening the head pressed against her.

You stop and look at her, "If you don't want my help..." you say letting the implications just sit there for a second

"No, I want your help, its just... " She says

"Good" you cut her off and push forward, feeling your cock start to force her open, making your way inside. Warm and wet, you enjoy the look of shock in her face.

"AHhhhhhh, wwwaaiiitttt, mmmmmmnnngggghhh" she tries to speak, but turns to moan, the sensation of your hardness stretching her.

"Thats it Kathy, your pussy, oh its so tight" you tell her as you keep pushing yourself in and then sliding back a bit before pushing forward, working your way all the way inside. Each thrust causing you to swell, her pussy pushing back against you, a pleasant resistance.

"Peter, its been a while, unngghh, gentle, please be gentle" she pleads

Not even responding you continue to move forwards, grabbing her legs, then her hips pulling her forward as you push yourself towards her. Closer and closer your go deeper and deeper, her pussy pulsing and squeezing your cock. Finally her ass, you can reach her ass, and you take hold of it and use it to thrust all the way in.

"AAahhhhhhhggghghhh" she cries out, panting.

You take a minute to catch your breath and enjoy the pleasure

"Your sooo, deep, I, I don't think I have been taken like that before, please remember to pull oooo...." she says getting interrupted

"Of course" you say as you pull her closer to the edge, her body leaning back, lying on the desk, her feet on the chairs. You start fucking her with abandon. Her juices easing the way, each inch back you can feel her trying to hold you in and with every push forward you have to force her wider again. The pleasure is incredible as you enjoy each movement. You can hear her moan and gasp. You reach up and start playing with her clitoris as you slow your thrusts, hearing her catch her breath and start to moan again. You begin to work her clit, you can her pussy start to clench your cock, you continue to pleasure her, her breathing and moaning picking up.

"Oh god Peter, please, yes please" She start to beg

You continue to rub, your fingers moving faster and faster, your other hand grabbing her breast, hard, letting your fingers start to mark it. She lets out a small cry of pain before being lost again her pleasure.

"FFFFFFFFFUUUUUCK!" She screams as she cums

"Mmmm" you moan as you feel her orgasm, you grab her legs and lift them up to your shoulders, pulling her towards you further and fucking her, driving yourself into her over and over.

"YES!, YES!, YES!!!!" She cries, tears in her eyes she her orgasm continues to roll over her in waves

You can feel her pussy squeezing and releasing, almost milking your cock. You can feel your own orgasm building, your balls aching for release, your cock swelling with pleasure. The small voice in your head reminding you of your promise.

"FUCK ME, FUCK ME, Please don't stop" She pleads as you continue to work her over

Well that makes it easy, not that I was going to pull out you think to yourself, "Ungh, ya, oh god, ya, Kathy, you feel sssssooooooo goooodddddd" You moan as you let yourself go. You feel the semen start pushing its way up your cock, your cock swelling, starting to jump. You hold her legs tightly and you continue to ram yourself in and out.

"Ahhh, ahhh, yaaa, yaaa, aggggggaaaaaainnnnn, IIII'mmmm cummmminnnngggg" she shouts her body spasming with pleasure.

You let your head fall back, "AAAahhhhhhggggg" you groan as your cum boils over

Suddenly realizing what is happening she struggles and tries to push you away ..... "Peter! Peter! NNnooooo!!!!" she cries out in panic

"Mmmmmmmmnngggggghhh" You moan, your first blast of cum shooting out as you thrust in, your momentum pushing the cum in deeper, using her legs to pull yourself as deep as possible. The second rope of your milk splattering against her cervix. Still not looking down at her.

"Stop, STOP! Pulll it outtt, STOP! you're cummmminnngggg!!! You're cummmminggg in me!" She pleads

"Yyyaaaaaa, sssoooo niceeee" you purr, letting yourself back a bit and moving in again, your balls tensing and releasing letting more and more seed out, you feel it racing up your shaft, you let her legs free as you reach down, grab her hips and pull her ass right off the desk onto your cock, driving the head right against her cervix hearing her scream as you force it open just enough as another jet of cum shoots out, flooding her with more cum.

"Noooo, Oh God, I can feel you cumming, Oh god, you came in me" she mewls "Your cock, I can feelll it"

You sigh, pleasure, your cock still twitching as you make small thrusting motions, making sure every drop of cum is inside of her, and keeping it there. Finally looking down at her doe eyes, tears running freely.

"You came in me" She accuses, still not pushing you out

"You told me not to stop? I thought you wanted me to ...." You let the statement hang

"I did, but, but I, but I told you" she tries to say

"You told me not to stop, I am sorry you say" looking at her with as much sympathy you can pretend

"Its, its ook, please take it out" she begs

"Yes, sorry" you say pulling out, a small sucking sound as your cock comes free, no cum following.

"What am I supposed to do now?" she asks as she reaches down covering her pussy.