"Hypocrites," you fume, the forest swallowing your words. This far in, even the woodsmen are scarce; the forest isn't kind to the greedy, especially this close to the mountains. That's why the ruins will be perfect, seeing as your goddess is more gracious than your last hosts. "Humans can be so shallow."

It wasn't the first time you'd been run out of town, but it won't be the last. It's rare for Drow like you to brave the surface and rarer still for them to mean anything but harm. Shaking your head, you focus on your task; spreading the magic has never failed to lift your spirits, each little gift promising a new fork in the future's roads.

The ruins ahead, remnants of older days, are a perfect choice: remote, quiet, and sheltered by the forest. From the outside, the crumbling remains of a keep and tower lie strangled in the grip of old roots and fallen masonry. "Feh," you muse, "what secrets do you hold?"

Though you don't even know it, the answer is nothing pleasant.

The tunnels beneath the ruins proved more extensive than you could have hoped, a twisting labyrinth of ancient caves and forgotten fortress chambers. The unsettling darkness is almost enough to make you glad of your dark vision, pale eyes picking a litany of hidden glyphs from the crags of the crumbling walls.

"Whatever broke this place," you whisper to yourself, "was nothing-"

You freeze, pointed ears pricking up at the sound of muttered voices. Quieting your breathing, you drop to a crouch and slowly slip round the corner ahead.

Demons. Your heart catches in your chest, repressed memories of the buried city swarming your senses. There's a number of them, just visible through a hole in ceiling of a deeper tunnel, standing there. Flesh crawling, you run; everywhere, the glyphs burn; demons lurk in the shadows, every twist risking you running into their clutches. You know what they'll do to you, how they'll capture you, seduce you, fuck-

You stumble round a corner, finding yourself facing a demon.

You gasp in surprise, slow to react, as the demon rushes towards you. You can see its fiendish hunger for your flesh in its eyes, its desire to dominate and command you...

"Goddess, help me in my time of need..." you whisper under your breath, a quick prayer to the source of your magic.

You need to distract the demon. You begin making a jerking motion with your hand.

Blue swirls of mystical energy wrap around the shaft of the demon's cock like an inhumanely long tongue, hungrily stroking up and down it's length furiously.

The demon jerks violently, it's full attention drawn to its throbbing cock. It claws at it's own face as the bliss overtakes it. And with a sharp intake of breath...

"Ah!" the demon groans in ecstasy.

You bend and twist your magic with another hand gesture. The blue swirls around the demon's cock raise it, aiming it up at it's own lust filled face. Several strands of the energy drift down lower, massaging it's balls and pushing incredibly deep into the demon's ass.

The creature's eyes roll back into it's head as it begins to shudder in the throws of an incredible orgasm. You grin, twisting your hand again and sending the energy back down the demon's dick.

The creatures knees begin to buckle as it spurts again and again. It moans in ecstasy, looking up at you in lust, eyes hazy with a desire for you. It tries to jerk its hips, but your spell holds it firmly in place.

"Do you submit?" you ask, the words sticking in your throat.

"Yes... yes..." it groans.

You release it's dick, and it falls to the ground, shaking. Tentacles slither over from the side, wrapping around the demon's body as it begins to jerk him off.

You manipulate your mystical energies around the demon again, and the blue swirls scoop up all of its cum from where it landed on its chest, then pour it down his open mouth.

The demon's eyes roll back yet again, this time in ecstasy rather than exhaustion.

You quickly snap your fingers, and the blue energy disappears.

"A deal's a deal," you say to the demon.

The demon grins and licks his lips. "Oh yes... such strength..." he says, raising up and turning his head directly towards yours.

"You really shouldn't focus on me, bud," you grin.

Just then, the tentacles that were jerking him off slither down and push into his ass, one after another, stretching his back hole wider than any mortal could take.

You laugh, firing a bolt of energy in his face and causing him to jerk back in pain.

His tentacles continue to fuck him, even though he's clearly in agony.

You see one tentacle emerge from the demon's mouth, having traveled all the way through his body from his ass.

You giggle a little, taken aback by the absurdity.

The tentacle turns, revealing that it's not just one tentacle, but many fused together.

The tip splits apart into several smaller tips, and these tips split apart as well.

"Oh fuck," you say, as the tentacle begins to look less like a tentacle and more like a many-tentacled beast.

"That's my cue to beat feet! Have fun with your new fuck buddy, you old devil!" you wink, before darting down another dark tunnel leading elsewhere.

You jump into the air, grabbing hold of a ledge and pulling yourself forward. A tentacle slithers over towards you, but you pull your legs in and it passes by underneath you.

The beast lets out a booming moan, reverberating through your very core.

You climb up and find yourself on an upper level, in an entirely new series of tunnels.

You walk along the path, a foreboding sense of dread filling you.

As you travel, you see a tentacle burst out of the wall, slamming into the ground and sending cracks throughout the tile.

"Damn! That's one hell of an entrance!" you say, cracking wise to help alleviate the tension as you step back and ready your magic once more.

The tentacle retracts back into the wall, and you hear a groaning sound, like that of a creature struggling to get out of it's nest.

You know better than to look a gift horse in its mouth. You turn around and quickly head in the opposite direction, away from whatever that tentacle was attached to.

You walk down the tunnel at a moderate pace, making sure to watch your footing as you go.

As you do, you see something out of the corner of your eye, a small red light growing brighter.

You quickly jump to the side, finding yourself in the adjacent tunnel.

You press back against the wall to try and hide while you keep an eye on that light, ready to strike with magic if necessary.

The light comes closer, and you ready yourself to strike.

You step out, and throw a bolt of lighting.

The lightning splits the darkness, illuminating a massive worm-like creature, its red eyes glistening as it stares at you.

"What? How have you not eaten everything else in this hell hole already?!" you say exasperatedly. "I need to find my way out of here, like yesterday!"

You massage your temples in circles with your hands, and you concentrate. You mutter a string of incantations in long forgotten elvish. You pray the huge worm thing can experience orgasms.

A magical wave of immense pleasure emits out from your mind to the creature's own. For humanoids, a dozen would cum hard instantly with this magic.

The monsterous worm writhes in ecstasy, as you begin laughing.

"You are a mean seductress, aren't you?"

You recognize that voice... It's the demon lord Orkaz)

You turn your head, and see him sitting on a pile of bones off to the side.

"My Goddess Elvira is, not me. I am merely her vessel, tormentor. But, you know this..." you say, raising an eyebrow.

Meanwhile, your hands twist and turn and blue energy emits from them in a blast, striking the tunnel ceiling above the worms head, making it fall and crush the beast's head.

"How did you find me?" you ask, narrowing your eyes.

"Please, I'm a demon lord. Finding other people is my specialty. Especially people who are afraid," he grins.

"The only thing I'm afraid of is that you think much too highly of yourself, spawn. Or have you forgotten since the last time my sweet Elvira smothered you down with her divine bosom?" you say with a mischievous grin.

"We cast out our fears in this place to lure you, our prey, to us. And like rabid dogs following the scent of meat, you cum running. Get it? Cum?" you chuckle as Elvira herself forms out of the wall behind the demon lord and lets her fingers tickle his ass crack.

The demon lord twitches his tail in annoyance, before his head snaps around to look at her.

"Do you mock me?"

"Oh no, my dear demon. I wouldn't dream of it," she says, sticking her tongue out and giving a goofy smile.

Meanwhile, you put your hands together in front of you, and then quickly pull them apart to your sides, and the demon lord's outfit pulls right off his body, split in two. He's suddenly very naked in front of both you and Elvira.

His dick is quite large, easily as long as your entire forearm and about as thick as your wrist, though not quite as thick as your upper leg. It's a deep shade of red, and the head looks like it's been run over by a carriage.

The Goddess Elvira rolls her eyes and laughs. "I've seen better. No wonder you're so desperate for new victims to fuck. No one would do so with you willingly, would they?"

"You will be the ones begging."

Shrugging, Elvira's hands snake their way up the demon's thighs, until they rest on his hips. She gives them a squeeze, and then looks to you.

"Bring that ugly ass cock of yours up to your mouth and suck it for Elvira's amusement, imp," you say, twirling your fingers and letting your magic grip his surprisingly small balls tightly. "Don't make me castrate you... yet."

You give a little yank for added emphasis, making his knees buckle slightly.

"Yes, yes," he moans, moving forward.

He brings his dick to his mouth, and the head disappears inside. He starts to gag slightly, and then speeds up his bobbing.

"My, my, my," Elvira laughs. "I didn't take you for a cocksucker, demon. I guess you're good at something other than war and pillaging, eh?"

And then she giggles. And then you giggle. And then the three of you are laughing together, as he keeps on sucking his own cock.

"Maybe he's good at begging you to let him make himself cum too?" you suggest with a smirk, as your blue mystical energies cover his little balls over entirely, warm like a mouth.

He tilts his head back, roaring in pain as the pleasure mounts. He begins to buck his hips into his own face, speeding up even further as the need for release becomes too great to handle.

You smirk. "Well? Ask me."

"Please!" he cries. "Let me finish!"

"You'd better thank me," you say.

"Oh, thank you, Mistress! Thank you! Thank.... oh.... oh.... ohmyg..."

"Cum. Don't you dare waste a single drop, you pathetic fool!" Elvira says to him, shoving his head down deep into his throbbing fuckstick.

You see his balls tighten up, and then he releases. The demon's roar becomes high pitched as sticky white globs begins firing into his mouth, and then begin splattering down onto his face and chest.

Your magic around his little ball sac doesn't let him stop cumming. More and more cum is produced and shot in his mouth and on his face. It's unending for him.

"Swallow it all," Elvira commands.

The demon gulps down his semen, and then begins gasping for breath.

A little bit of it had gotten on your hand, and it does taste a little different than a human's semen. It's sweeter.

You lift your cum covered hand to your Goddess to share it with her. You twist your other hand and the demon lord's dick is pulled down from his mouth, to between his legs, and then up into his own asshole.

You can feel his muscles clamping down on it.

He lets out a mixture of a moan and a scream.

"Reach down, grab your ugly cock and fuck your own ass for our amusement, toy," you hiss in his ear while Elvira licks his cum from your hand and grins.

He quickly does as he's told, starting to thrust in and out of his own ass. He's whimpering, tears streaming down his face.

"Oh, how I love watching you do everything we say," Elvira sighs, pulling one of her massive, perfect tits out of her low cut dress and fondling it.

"You are... mighty... goddess... please..." the demon begs, thrusting harder and faster.

"Please what?" Elvira asks, gently caressing her huge breast.

"Please... take over... my realm..."

"Mmm... that doesn't sound like much fun. There are many things I'd rather do than have to micromanage a realm like this," Elvira says, glancing at you.

You smile.

"Eliminate it then," you shrug, as you walk up to her and dutifully suck on her tit as a reward for your efforts today.

She moans the sexiest moan that neither you nor the demon lord has ever heard, and words begin to flow out of her mouth like precum from a cock.

"It... is... done..." she says, smiling seductively as she snaps her fingers.

Every demon and other hellish creature on this plane of existence suddenly cum, hard, including the demon lord himself, who cums so violently up his own ass that it pours through his body and out of his mouth.

The demon lord stops thrusting, his eyes roll into the back of his skull and he slumps over.

"W-wait... Mistress," he groans as his body begins to contort and morph.

Elvira grabs his balls and squuezes them so hard that he squeaks like a little girl. "What is done cannot be undone!" she declares, pulling his cock out of his own ass and brutally stomping on it.

Every other demon and hellish creature on this realm suddenly die in one accord, save for the demon lord himself, who remains and can feel the demise of his kingdom. He screams, Elvira laughs as she walks up to the demon lord.

"Stay strong, Zuzu," she says, pulling out a dagger and stabbing him in his remaining good hand.

"It will take a lot of it for you to survive your rebirth," she says, as she licks his ear. "Beg me to grant you humanity. To become that which you've always preyed upon."

Tears roll down his cheeks, and he stares into her eyes. "Please... turn me... into a human..."

"Yes... Yes!" she says, nodding her head in excitement. "That's what I like to hear."

As you continue to suckle on her left breast, she pulls out her right one and offers it to the demon lord.

"Drink of this, you disgustful creature, and you shall be purified. My heavenly milk will glorify your soul, giving you repentance from your evil ways. Righteousness shall satiate your every hunger and you shall be reforged from the inside out into a human woman."

She pushes the demon lord's mouth onto her nipple, who instinctivley begin suckling.

"That's it. Suckle. Suckle like a baby."

Waves of light emanate from the demon lord and they can be seen flowing through his entire body. The demon lord begins screaming as the light overtakes him. His skin colour changes to a more human tone and his horns begin retreating into his skull.

After several minutes, he lets go of Elvira's nipple, who takes a step back.

"Have you had enough?"

Standing before both you and Elvira where the demon lord once stood is a strikingly beautiful, naked red-headed young adult woman in his place. His transformation is complete.

He is now a her, fertile and sweet. Pure of heart, innocent and warm. Feisty and heroic, ready to uphold and protect what is good in the realm.

Elvira smiles along side you. You both relish in ridding the horrors from your land. What monsters are left flee before the onset of Elvira's light.

You stare at the red-head, with her body slim and alluring, but not curvy like the succubi. Human women are a welcome site amidst the sea of creatures.

"Well then," you say, "let's take you back to the city. We still can't rest for now I'm afraid."

The red-head blushes as you pick her up bridal style, something which she is clearly not used to.

"You're so bold," she says.

"I only do as my Goddess directs, but... thank you," you say, smiling.

"What is your name, young lady?" Elvira asks the newly formed beauty who was formerly known as Orzak in her prior life.

"Laila," she says.

"Well then Laila, it would be my pleasure to escort you back to the city. You'll be safe with me."

"But what of the demons?" she asks.

You turn and kiss Elvira softly on the lips. Then you turn and kiss Laila softly on hers, for a little longer.

The woman suddenly knows from the divine message shared through the kiss that the demons no longer exist in this realm. Those that remain alive are trapped in their underworld once more. Her eyes grow wide, her heart beats faster, but then she realizes that the Goddess has done this. She turns, and looks to the sky, marveling at her presence.

She falls to her knees, overcome with emotion. Tears stream down her face.

Compassion overcomes the Goddess Elvira and she softly steps up to the kneeling woman and smiles down at her.

"Do you wish to thank me for my blessings, my sweet?" Elvira asks her in a soothing tone that would calm even the wildest of beasts.

"Oh yes, great Goddess," Laila answers.

Gently, Elvira touches her fingers to Laila's chin and lifts her face to look into her eyes. The Goddess is beautiful and the red-head is already filled with love and admiration.

You kneel down beside Laila, in an equally reverent position to your Goddess along side her. 

You whisper in Laila's ear, "Merely speak the words 'magical love' to our Goddess, and you will be bathed in her divinity..."

Laila looks cautiously, first to you and then to the smiling Elvira.

"Magical love..." she whispers softly, almost inaudibly.

"Louder," you command.

"Magical love!"

Without the touch of any hands, the straps of Elvira's sultry, deep blue dress slip off her shoulders and the garment falls loosely to the ground at her feet in front of you. Your Goddess stands before you and Laila, naked and divine, without imperfection or flaw. You are entranced, in awe of her power and beauty.

Elvira's body is the perfection of voluptuous womanhood. Her skin is fair and flawless, her ample bosom heaving with every breath she takes. Her hips sway gently from side to side as she turns in a circle, showing herself off. Her long legs are strong and shapely.

Elvira stands tall and proud between her thighs, her vagina as smooth as the rest of her skin.

She grins and locks eyes with Laila as she slowly walks up to the kneeling young woman. She stops, her pussy mere inches from the red-head's awe struck mouth and nose.

You lean over once more and softly moan in Laila's ear, "Worship her. Be baptized by her divine love for you. Let it flow over you, and within you..."

Laila nods and slowly moves forward, bringing her face up to the center of Elvira's beauty.

She can smell the scent of Elvira's arousal now, heavy in the air, filling her lungs with each deep breath. It's almost too much, a deluge of lust and desire. The scent is almost overpowering.

Elvira now knows that you are both hers.

You smile to yourself as you watch Laila's face move closer and closer to Elvira's wet pussy.

As was done to you years before at your own baptism, you grab the back of Laila's head, and in one swift motion, you shove her eager but now surprised face into Elvira's cunt, and you keep it there with pressure.

Laila, shocked, tries to pull away but you keep your grip on her head, and soon, Elvira's hands are on the back of her head as well, holding her in place.

"Embrace eternity!" Elvira moans, and Laila feels a strong compulsion to please her Goddess like a long lost lover.

These feelings are amplified by the slime that coats Elvira's nether regions, and soon Laila is fervently lapping at Elvira's delicious pussy.

"That's it, my pet..." Elvira sighs, and you release Laila's head to lean back and enjoy the scene.

Laila is timid at first, her tongue peeking out from between her lips as she gently touches it to Elvira's slit. Elvira sighs softly in pleasure as Laila's tongue probes her.

Laila is not quite sure what to do. She looks up to you for guidance, and seeing you clearly enjoying the show, eagerly goes back to Elvira's pussy.

"Ohh!" Elvira sighs, her hips gently grinding against Laila's face.

Laila follows your lead and slowly parts her lips, gently sucking on Elvira's clit.

"Ahhh..." Elvira coos as she holds the back of Laila's head.

"You must drink of her love, dear girl, and let it wash over you and inside you..." you moan, for her benefit, as your hand slides between her legs and your fingers caress her red bush just above her clit.

Elvira gently pulls Laila's head into her groin and begins grinding again, and Laila obeys happily with gentle flicks of her tongue.

"Yes... yes..." Elvira moans, as you feel her magic around you growing stronger.

Your fingers dance over Laila's clit as she sucks on Elvira's. You pull your hiking shorts to the side, baring your own aching pussy, and you rest Laila's hand on top of it. She gently begins to knead it, as you continue to kiss her and rest your hand on the small of her back.

You are all a tangle of pleasure and lust.

You make sure to not touch Elvira though, as her heavenly nectar is for Laila's baptism alone. You focus merely on pleasuring the young woman, she pleasures both you and the Goddess together.

You feel the magic around you grow stronger.

Suddenly, Elvira screams in pleasure and her whole body begins to shudder as her orgasm takes over.

You are so in sync with her, your magic so in tune with hers, that you suddenly orgasm along side your Goddess. You match her in moans and shudders.

Elvira's cum pours out of her pussy like a waterfall, not only filling Laila's mouth entirely, but all over her hair, face, chest and legs, covering her in womanly honey that no mere mortal could.

Your own cunt spasms and cums over the girl's back and ass. While not nearly the amount of Elvira's, it's still impressive and powered with magic essence.

You all share the taste of Elvira's cum in your mouths and the smell of her arousal in your nostrils.

"Ah... what a wonderful climax..." Elvira pants, gently stroking Laila's hair. "I can tell you've been practicing, dear girl."

You smile and say a single word to the cum covered redhead. "Cum." And Laila is suddenly rocked by an orgasm more powerful than any human has experienced before, kept alive through it only by the magic essence that engulfs her.

"Ah! Ah! Stop! Too much!" She screams as her body tries to process the massive amount of feelings, almost making you laugh as you imagine what exactly is going on inside her body.

Intense waves of pleasure eminate through her and out of her. Her body ripples in orgasm after orgasm. She feels every kind of sexual experience at one time.

She feels two cocks that aren't really there stretching her mouth at the same time. She feels cum that isn't really there pour from them and down her throat. She tastes it and keeps tasting it.

She feels a cock inside her pussy, which then splits into two, then four, then eight. The sensation of being royally fucked by dozens of cocks is almost too much for her to bear.

She feels the head of a pulsing cock in each of her ears, pouring cum that isn't really there into them, deafening her with a sloshing liquid sound she's never heard before. She feels several cocks behind her push into her ass, stretching her inhumanely but not hurting her at all. She feels her rectum fill with cum that isn't there.

She feels a pulsing ball deep in her throat, not letting her swallow or breathe. She feels it pump warm liquid down her throat and into her stomach, which then churns the cum and sends it back up again. She tastes the cum that isn't there.

You and Elvira look at each other as you're recovering from your orgasms, then back at Laila, still in the thralls of her own. You can see her pussy spasming between her legs, as she's kneeling, as if being fucked by a large invisible cock, or perhaps many normal ones at once. Cum squirts from her in spurts, pooling at her feet.

Laila then feels an immense compulsion to grab at her own breasts and molest them. She does so, fondling them and squeezing them, throwing her head back as she arches her back in ecstasy. Then, she moves her head forward to lick and suck on her breasts as well.

Gone are the cocks she's been feeling this whole time, replaced by countless pairs of tits of every shape and size, their nipples violating each of her holes, breast milk that isn't really there pouring from them into her, and onto her.

She screams in ecstasy as she slides a hand down her smooth, shaved pussy. She rubs it, shoving a finger in up to the knuckle and wiggling it about. She pulls it out and shoves two in, doing the same. Then, three.

While you are not a part of her baptismal orgasm experience, you know well how to play in it, and Elvira demands that you do.

"Keep going. You still have two more fingers, Laila," you say in your long forgotten elvish, the magic enchantment of your words compelling the woman not to hesitate in her desire.

"You... will obey me," you say, the enchantment taking hold, "You will obey me."

She obeys, gasping as she shoves four fingers inside herself, before she begins to stretch herself out.

"You want more, Laila," you say, "You desire more. You will obey me. You will obey me."

Her fingers then slide out of her passage as she lifts one leg up to spread herself wider.

Her thumb then joins her four fingers at the entrance to her juicy, greedy cunt.

She shoves them inside herself, slowly at first. Then, all five digits begin to slide into her greedy cunt with the abandonment of someone that needs to fill their desire.

It's easy to see that it isn't enough.

You playfully reach out with your foot, and gently press on her invading hand, nudging it just a little deeper in her own pussy, encouraging her to push that boundary she never imagined she could.

It's enough. Just the tiniest increase in pressure on her part, and she buries her entire hand in her snatch. You feel the back of your heel slam into her hand as she shrieks with arousal.

Then you pull away your foot, and your magical influence, and she is engulfed by just the baptismal orgasm once more. It's nearly over now.

Once again, the countless pairs of invisible tits return, pouring milk that isn't there into her every orifice other than her fist-filled womb. Her free hand forces one of her own breasts back into her mouth as well.

Her other hand still fist-fucking herself, she begins rubbing her clit, as if the milk wasn't enough. She starts screaming incoherently.

She tries to speak, but can only whimper as she stops pleasuring herself long enough to beg for you to continue.

You lean over and whisper in her ear, "Drink the drink of life from your teat, and you will be pledged to serve as a vessel to our Goddess for the rest of your days."

"YES!" she screams, in between licks of the spilt milk on her face, and dives back into her teat with a new determination.

You gently caress her shoulders as she pleasures herself. She briefly looks up at you in between sucks.

"Show me and our Goddess that the drink of life indeed flows from you," you say, motioning her to pull her breast from her mouth and squeeze it.

She does as commanded, and the milk spurts out all over her face. She closes her eyes, and begins moaning in rhythm with the spurts. You can't help but become aroused by her moans. You notice a tentacle slowly sneaking its way to you.

You nod to Elvira, who laughs and picks up the tentacle. The Goddess holds it up to her mouth like a giant gummi worm and sucks it down, and it disappears inside her.

"Mmm! A tasty treat! Now, my sweet Laila, may I have a sip from the drink of life to wash it down?" Elvira says with a giggle as she leans closer to the red-head.

Laila nods, and begins squeezing her breast again. Elvira leans in to suckle as the milk sputters out, and then nods to you.

"Now, my love, prepare our new vessel."

You nod and stand up, and you leisurely stretch your limbs for a moment. Then you reach down and very carefully help Laila up to her feet as well, though she's still bent over and fisting herself with one hand, while milking her other breast now with the other.

"Alright, my dear. Your baptism into our holy, magic order is nearly complete. Listen to my directions very carefully. Pull your fist from your well worn pussy and lick it clean. Don't talk. Don't hesitate. Just do it."

You nod and wait for her to do as she's told. She seems a little reluctant to let go, but she eventually does so. She looks relieved as she tastes her juices, then does a little shiver, as her now empty pussy suddenly pours out all of the cum her fist had blocked inside her.

The magic within her is finally releasing it, now that she has calmed down enough to enjoy it. It pools at her feet, larger than a human her size should be able to produce, but filled with magical essence.

"You must lick your fist completely clean, baby girl," you say soothingly, as you massage her neck and shoulders. She purrs as you carefully knead the muscles, and then shivers as you slowly work your hands down her body. She gives you a slacked-jawed, desire filled look as she licks her lips.

She licks her hand clean, slowly and thoroughly.

You nod, as your hands massage her ample bottom. Your fingers dance over her exposed rosebud as it peeks from between her cheeks.

"You must now stand straight and tall, proud to be Elvira's vessel and warrior and lover and pet. You must stand firm, no matter what happens to you next. You must not falter."

You press your hand against her rosebud, firmly but not enough to enter. Her cheeks part, and the little ring of muscles slowly begins to open under your guidance. It stops when only a single knuckle is buried inside her, her tightness trying to squeeze against you.

You let your tongue trace a line up her thigh, over her hip, up her belly, between her breasts and up to her neck. You feel her pulse against your lips as you gently suck against the side of her neck.

You whisper in her ear.

"Do as I told you, baby girl. Stand straight. Do not react to my touch. You cannot allow yourself to be tempted. If you fail with me, you will surely fail with any demon or monstrosity that would have you next."

"Yes, sir," she says, her eyes glazing over as she stares past you.

You gently gnaw at the side of her neck, gently massaging her legs to keep her stance wide. She doesn't react in any way other than continuing to stare past you.

"If a demon were to shove his cock in your mouth right now, what would you do?" you ask her.

"I... would not react," she says, her voice a moan of pleasure as your lips graze her skin.

"If he grabbed your hair and forced you down onto it, what would you do?" you continue, slowly inching your fingers further into her ass.

"I... I would not respond," she says, her breathing heavy.

Your free hand smacks her tit hard, slamming it into her other one, making them both swing. You can see pain well up in her face, but to her credit, she stands firm.

Her arousal calms, a natural reaction to the sudden throbbing pain in her chest. Her mind is distracted from the pleasure she felt moments ago, despite your finger still knuckle deep in her rectum.

"You must not be tempted! You must not be controlled by desire. You must be in control of it!" you say sternly.

"I... must..." she whimpers, as you pull your finger from her ass.

"You must what, baby girl?" you ask, reassuringly, wanting her to learn.

"I must be in control... of my own desires..." she says softly, staring blankly ahead.

"Good girl," you say, kissing her forehead to reward her. "You must also follow the words of your Goddess dutifully and with pleasure beyond your mortal frame."

Elvira stands seductively and leans on your shoulder in a friendly manner. She looks over at Laila.

"Honey, be a dear, would you? Stick your trainer's finger in your mouth and kick it clean of your so very fuckable ass."

"Yes, Mistress," Laila says, glancing at you nervously.

Laila leans over and wraps her lips around your index finger, slowly sucking off all her ass juices built up on it during the session.

She realizes the juices are entwined with magical essence, and rather than taste foul like she expects, they instead taste like Goddess Elvira's own deeply intoxicating pussy.

You smile at the surprise and desire in Laila's face. "I wouldn't say to follow her words with pure pleasure if you wouldn't be able to."

Your finger dances on her soft, moist lips. She looks up at you nervously as she slowly parts them with your finger and swirls it around inside her mouth.

"Relax, it won't bite. Well, unless you want it to."

Laila smiles, and sucks on your finger, tasting a bit of herself on it, she begins to suck softly, swirling her tongue around the top of your finger.

"That's a good girl." Your smile reaches your eyes as you pat her head softly.

You chuckle lightly.

"Now, let's make sure you understand. If you are tempted by evil, what do you do, baby girl?" you ask, as you walk around her, your hands drifting over her body.

"I resist, Mistress."

"Good girl. Do you accept your place to the will of the magic?"

"I do, Mistress."

"Do you trust me?"

"Do you love me?"

You eye her up, and smirk. "Do you want me to?"

You blink, and your fingers tingle as you realize you just unlocked a new spell. "Yes! Yes! Oh Gods, fuck me! I-I trust you!"

"Good girl, Laila. Lay back, and spread your legs for me." You order, as you walk forward and press your hand against her stomach.

"I want you to embrace the feeling of my spell. Surrender to it," you order, as you watch her eyes carefully.

She bites her lip, and slowly parts her legs.

"Good girl," you whisper, as you lean into her, kissing her softly on the lips.

You place her hand on your stomach as well. You look into her eyes. Blue mystical energies dance around both of you.

"Pledge your bond to me with a passionate kiss to rival even that of Goddess Elvira herself, Laila."

You pull your head back from hers and wait. She must initiate it herself. It is vital that she wants this, and that she feels the act is completely consensual. This ritual has been attempted many times over history, but it is said that only those with a balance of purity and corruption in their hearts may partake in it, let alone succeed.

She pauses for a moment, before slowly moving forward, her eyes fixated on your own. Her lips press against yours as you sigh softly, moving your free hand to her hair.

You both slide your hands down each others' bodies, hers slender and smooth, yours curved and muscular. You kiss passionately for a while, before you slowly start to lean backwards, pulling her on top of you as you lie down on the stone floor.

You smile against her lips. "Is that all you've got, baby girl? Don't make love to my mouth with your own! Fuck it! Take my kisses by force! Want it! Bond your passion to mine! You are a warrior of Elvira, bitch! Prove it!"

She pauses, before nodding. Her lips become more fierce, as she begins to attack your lips with an animalistic fervor.

Your mouth opens like an aroused pussy and her tongue invades like a rapist's prick, thrusting, and forcing into your warm, wet hole.

She begins to thrust faster and you moan like a cheap whore being paid to swallow a noble's seed.

Her hands move down to your breasts, and she begins to grope and squeeze them, your nipples hardening in response.

"I've taken you several times today, baby girl. Take me too. Don't ask me if I want it. Give it to me. Make me yours. Make me cum for every time I've made you cum before. Be rough. Brutally rape me. Show our Goddess what you're capable of, and you and I will be bondmates for life," you groan out, struggling under her on purpose.

She nods slowly, before her lips become more hungry and lustful once again. She moves her hands from your breasts to your back, before she begins to force her nails into your skin.

"Yes! Yes! Take me!" you moan in pain and ecstasy.

The pain drives the pleasure further over the edge as she rams her tongue in and out of your mouth, your head going fuzzy and delirious from the abuse. Your head spins, and the young girl begins to put both of her lips against your ears.

"Rim me!" she whispers gently.

You quickly move your head down, and begin to kiss down her chin, down her neck, down to her collarbones and... past them.

Then you stop. You look into her eyes. "I will do nothing. Make me do it. Give me no choice in it" you say, flipping her off in defiance.

"You... you sure?"

"I won't."

"Fine," she says, pouting. "If that's what you want." She pulls your head down to her lower body, and you begin to kiss in the vicinity of her slit. She moans in response.

You stop. Sooner or later, she must realize she has to take this from you. You wait for her need to outweigh her patience.

"I need it..." she says, after about a minute.

You don't respond.

"I need it now!" she yells, grabbing your hair and roughly shoving your face into her pussy.

Elvira stands to the side, stroking Laila's hair and laughing seductively. "Mmm! Good girl, I think you're catching on! You might be a warrior after all! Keep going. Do as she instructed. Rape her for me. Her face, her pussy. Even her ass if you're really naughty."

"Please!" you beg.

"RAPE HER, LAILA! BOND HER TO YOU!" Elvira yells.

Laila moans and shoves you back down on the stone floor and sits on your face. She grinds her ass and pussy on your mouth as you moan.

Her hands reach down between your legs and force them apart as far as they'll go. Then she furiously begins eating you out, giving you no say in it.

She tastes wonderful, even if she's being forced down your throat. A great liquid desire fills you and you eagerly lap at her pussy with your tongue.

You've been waiting this whole time for her to embrace her warrior self. You love it. You love her. You feel the bonding magic between you two complete. Your souls connect.

You cum for her. Your dark, Drow pussy opens up, showing the pink interior walls, and you squirt in the human woman's fair skinned, eager face.

In sync with you, she cums as well, humping her pussy on your face above you like a frog. She releases a moan of extreme ecstasy, unlike anything you've ever heard.

"Magmak!" she screams, as her body is wracked with a massive orgasm.

The two of you writher in orgasmic bliss, a mess of female sweat and cum, glistening bodies, hard nipples, and heaving bosoms. You can hear Elvira heartily laughing and clapping at the sight of you two.

"Good show, ladies," she says. "Good show."

You lay there on the stone floor of the ruins, panting. Your minds are filled with nothing but love for one another.

Elvira laughs harder as she has to pull Laila's face from your pussy while Laila resists her.

"I love you," Laila says.

You smile. All of your dreams have come true.

You embrace in a deep, loving kiss.

Elvira pulls both of you up into a standing position. You're exhausted and your legs are weak. But this has been worth it.

"Both of you. My warriors. My lovers. My pets! Hug me and embrace eternity!" your Goddess Elvira pronounces.

You pull Laila close to you and kiss her on the lips, as you stare at your Goddess.

"We are yours."

Both you and your new bondmate embrace Elvira and you are bathed in a blinding blue mystical light.

You close your eyes, and feel all three of your souls intertwine...

Among the blue blindness, Elvira's words have a liquid echo, as if her tongue itself was cumming. You are in awe at her power of pleasure.

"Laila... My darling... Tell me the color of your magic that you desire!" Goddess Elvira asks her new vessel.

Laila's breathing is ragged as she gasps in post-orgasm bliss.

"Green... My magic... Is green..." Laila says.

The world regains it's normalcy as the blindness fades away and you are left staring at a blood red stone chamber.

You and Laila both take a step back from Elvira, and as you look at each other, all three of you see that you are now dressed, and freshly clean, as if just from a bath.

You and Laila are both wearing matching, form-fitting tank tops and shorts that cling to every curve, bump and crevice. Yours is blue, and hers is green, reflecting your chosen magical energies.

Elvira looks at both of you and grins.

The Goddess is wearing a new, sexy dress. It's a colorful mixing of both blue and green, showing that her magic is tied to you both. It's low cut in the front, down to her navel. Her ample braless cleavage is on full display.

In the back, it's also low cut, down to the top of her spankable ass, showing plenty of crack and cheek. No underwear to be seen. Elvira's long, bare, tan legs stretch down from her short dress.

Her feet are adorned with golden rings and into little golden sandals. Elvira's makeup is perfect as always, her blush is bright and you can almost taste her red lipstick.

Her wavy brown hair is let down, cascading down her shoulders and back.

The room is large, with golden walls. Several doors are around the circumference of the room, while in the center is a bed with red satin sheets.

"Warriors of mine, lovers of mine, pets of mine, welcome to Eternity Temple, MY temple!" she exclaims, her arms outstretched, as she spins proudly.

Eternity Temple is a large room with several doors around the circumference of the room, while in the center is a large bed with red satin sheets.

"This...is my temple! I own it and everyone inside of it!" she says, laughing.

You step up behind Laila and wrap your arms around her middle. You embrace your bondmate lovingly.

"We're back in the heart of the Kingdom of Larion, baby girl. Half a continent away from those ruins. This is your new home."

She spins in your arms and rests her head on your chest. Her eyes are red from crying and her cheeks are still glossy from wiping away tears.

"Maybe we can just stay here," she says.

You chuckle and wipe her tears away. You kiss her forehead.

"Of course! You must be trained! We've only just begun! Don't worry my love, we'll be here until you beg me to leave!" you giggle, ruffling her hair.

You spend a moment there together in a quiet embrace, as Elvira pays you no mind and lounges on her exquisite bed. You both can hear from the rooms around the chamber the sounds of battle training, mixed with all manner of sex. You both share a quiet laugh at the thought, knowing that you'll soon be taking part in such fun...

Your lover tentatively approaches her Goddess' bed. She looks around it, nervously. She sits down on it, still looking around as if she expects something to attack her.

Her instincts are sharp, as she is indeed attacked. You tackle her onto the bed from behind and playfully wrestle around with her while Elvira watches with interest. After perhaps a minute, you twist your lover around and have her pinned down. You both laugh as she squirms to get free, but you're far too strong for her.

"Now, now, Dendrin. Don't kill my new plaything," Elvira says.

You release her and roll off, before offering your hand to your lover. She looks at it, then at you, before accepting and allowing you to help her up. She looks at Elvira for a moment, then leans over and kisses you on the lips.

Elvira quizzes her, "You're in the middle of a crowd and an invisible imp pulls up your top, baring your tits. How do you react?"

Your lover looks around nervously. You can tell she's never been in such a situation before.

"Remember what I told you. Resist temptation…" you gently remind her as you squeeze her hands in yours. "Answer her. What do you do?" you ask.

She swallows nervously, "I… I…"

"Speak up!" Elvira laughs.

"I… scratch his eyes out," she says, nervously.

Elvira claps her hands and laughs, "Good answer!"

You nod, squeezing her hands gently again. "Yes, you ignore what the imp did and you attack him. I'd suggest using magic to bind him first though," you wink.

"It doesn't matter that the crowd can see your beautiful breasts bouncing about. You can cover them after you've dealt with the threat…" you grin.

"The crowd will be less afraid as well, as their arousal for you would overcome it," Elvira adds.

"You are very wise, Lady Elvira. Perhaps she should take your place when you die of old age."

Elvira laughs, "Oh no, I'd never let some upstart take my spot. Just be in charge of the breeding programs."

"Ha! You humor her, my Goddess! You're immortal!" you laugh. "But I would love to lead the breeders just the same."

You turn to Laila. "Would you rather be a breeder or be bred?" you say with a mischievous grin.

Laila looks at the ground, blushing profusely. "I… don't know…"

"Answer honestly. There's no wrong choice, baby girl…" you say reassuringly. "It's just that being a breeder means you get to have all the sex you want with whoever you want, while a bred just has sex when she's told to."

"I… I want to choose… but I don't know…"

"Choose," Elvira says.

"Will you still have… have sex with me if I'm a breeder?" she asks nervously, looking up from the floor and at your eyes.

"It's all I want. But only if you want it as well."

Laila grips your hand tighter. "I… I want to be with you," she says softly. A single tear falls from her eye.

"Choose!" Elvira hisses in a much harsher tone.

You look into Laila's eyes, and squeeze her hands back. "Breeders, step forward!"

Laila looks confused for a moment, before glancing at your and taking a step forward. You smile at her reassuringly. She smiles back nervously, not really knowing what to expect but trusting you.

Several women enter the room and step up to Elvira's bed next to Laila, all potential breeders along with her.

Elvira looks at all of the women, and she says, "If you're sure you want to be a breeder, stay where you are. If you're not, leave."

A few of the women leave.

"Good, now remove your clothing."

The women strip, as you look them over. They're all very attractive, which isn't surprising considering their status. Still, there are a few who stand out more than others.

"I need to hear each of you say 'Yes, I am a breeder', one at a time…" she says, and she starts with the woman opposite from Laila.

"Yes, I am a breeder," she says.

One by one, they repeat the sentence, until everyone has said it at least once. Elvira looks content with their answers.

She looks to Laila. "And you?"

"Yes, I am a breeder," Laila says softly.

Elvira looks to you. You look into her eyes, and nod slowly.

"Good," she says, smiling.

She looks to the other women. "Get on your knees."

All the women except for Laila, get on their knees as instructed. Elvira looks back to your bondmate and smiles.

"Laila, dear. Please describe what the most perfect cock looks like to you," she says with a sultry moan in her voice.

Laila looks up at her, looking nervous at first, then she composes herself.

"Um… it's large… thick… hard…"

Elvira snaps her fingers and above Laila's clit on her pubic mound, where her bush was until this moment, that exact cock magically forms to Laila's exact specifications, along with a hefty set of balls hanging underneath and covering her clit.

"That's, amazing," Laila admits.

"Lick it," Elvira commands, and Laila does as she's told.

You watch intently as Laila starts to lick the shaft of her own cock, and even starts to suck on its tip.

You're both amazed and amused that her dream cock would be long enough that she could suck it herself. It's a hold over from her previous life as that demon lord, you assume.

The other kneeling ladies gasp at Laila's transformation. They realize they will soon receive their own.

Elvira tells Laila to stop playing with her new cock and to offer it to the kneeling women to suck instead. She eagerly does as she's told, and soon all the women are taking turns sucking on her new dick.

"Your turn will come soon, darling," Elvira informs you. "Stay in that exact position and do not touch yourself down there until I say so. Understood?"

You nod, and wink at Laila. Your eyes tell her you can't wait. The ceremony continues, as the kneeling women all gather in a tight circle around Laila's feet.

They worship her cock and balls exclusively, leaving her partially hidden pussy underneath alone. As if by some unknown compulsion, they begin to chant, "Cum for us, breeder Laila!" over and over in unison. The chanting becomes louder and louder, more and more repetitive. It's enough to put you into a trance, and it's all you can do to resist from joining them.

The chanting stops, and in a quick blink of an eye, Laila's form is enveloped in white light. Her entire body begins to pulse and convulse. She lets out a groan, and the women on their knees surround her for support.

"Open your mouths, you thirsty cows!" Laila practically screams, moaning loudly as her hands fly up and down her tremendous cock before them.

The women obey and soon Laila's cum is pulsing down their throats. Her eyes roll into the back of her head as she expels a seemingly endless amount of semen.

"I want every single drop swallowed!" she commands.

The women comply, and eagerly drain her cock.

Elvira claps and cheers happily like a schoolgirl as this happens. "You're such a natural breeder, my dear! Commanding! Owning every pussy in front of you! Wonderful display of talent!"

Laila pants, and her eyes roll back into her head a bit. Her body continues to convulse as the last drops of semen drip from the tip of her dick.

She sighs and grins with great satisfaction before turning around to see you standing there.

You give her a thumbs up. "Lick your tip clean, baby girl. Show these women you can take care of yourself."

Laila sticks out her long, slimy tongue, and licks up the last of her own semen. She smiles at you in satisfaction.

"You're my good girl." You say, and pat her on the head.

"Now, kneel with the others," Elvira instructs her.

Laila obeys, and kneels before the other women.

"Now we come to the... main event," Elvira says as she strokes her gnome.

She turns to the next woman who wants to be a breeder, and asks her to stand. She's a small woman with purple hair, and quite pretty.

"Prominence," Elvira says to the small purple-haired woman. "You're here to be a breeder, understand?"

"I'm... I'm scared," she says shivering.

"Only natural," Elvira smiles, reaching out and holding her hand.

"Which of all the races do you find the most attractive, my dear? Elves? Gnomes? Humans? Orcs? Halflings? Goliaths?"

"Halflings?" Prominence asks.

"Good choice! Perfect for your small frame! Oooh! You're gonna love breeding them!" Elvira says with a cheerful grin. "Now kiss me like you mean it, my pet."

Prominence leans in, and presses her lips against Elvira's. The older woman wraps a hand around the back of her head, and moves her other hand to tilt it upwards. After a long, intimate kiss, Elvira finally breaks away.

Her mystical energies wrap around the small woman and center on her pubic mound, just as they did with Laila. A small, but incredibly cute and delicious looking cock forms and grows just above Prominence's clit, with a set of cute little balls hanging under it. It's partially erect, but it looks like it could grow a lot more.

"Wow..." Prominence says with a shaky breath, as her hands feel the newly formed genitals. "I can't believe it's so real. It feels real. It feels... good..."

"That's because it is real, my dear. Genuinely real. It's a set of halfling cock and balls. My followers of that race will be bred by you, understand."

"You want me to... to breed?" Prominence asks.

"That's the idea, my dear," Elvira smiles. "You will be kept here until you have bred a sufficient amount of halflings to staff all my schools. A hundred and fifty should do for now. After that, assuming you prove yourself, you will be given access to the human slaves we keep here, and you may breed from them as well. Understood?"

"Yes, Mistress," Prominence says.

"Good girl. Now, show us you know how to use your new cock. Stroke it," she smiles, brushing her cheek.

You watch with glee as Prominence wraps her hand around her new cock, and slowly begins to stoke it. It grows in her hand, and she strokes faster. She lets out a groan of ecstasy, before beginning to moan in pleasure.

While her cute little halfling cock is barely the size of an average human's when full erect, you know that for the halflings, she's incredibly well hung. They will lust greatly for her fuck meat.

Without being told, the other potential breeders, along with Laila, all kneel at the feet of Prominence and begin to worship her adorable cock and balls. You watch as she begins to tease them with it, rubbing the cock head over their faces and having them all but dying to suck it. She stops just out of their reach, enjoying her power over them.

"Alright, alright, you little sluts," Elvira says.

"We really don't have all day here. Feed your first load of tasty halfling baby batter to them, breeder Prominence," her Goddess declares. "Make sure they all get some!"

Prominence grins, before sliding her cock into the mouths of the girls. They moan in ecstasy, as Prominence slowly slides her pole deeper and deeper into their throats. She holds it there for a few moments, before finally pulling out. A large bulge moves down her shaft, forcing the girls to swallow what was in their mouth.

"Fuck my cock, bitches! Suck on those balls," she commands, rolling her balls around in her hands.

You walk around the outside of the circle, as Prominence begins to thrust into the girls eagerly awaiting throats. Despite her size, she's incredibly gentle with them.

You step up behind her and hold your finger out in front of her. "Wipe your precum on this, breeder," you instruct.

She obeys, moaning in ecstasy as she smears her warm liquid over your finger. You slide your finger up and down her ass crack, slowly moving towards her tight asshole.

"I don't care what these girls do to your cock and balls. You do not cum, no matter what, until I say so. Say it back to me," you hiss in her ear as your wet finger tickles her rosebud.

"I don't care what these girls do to my cock and balls. I don't cum, no matter what, until you say so," she repeats.

"Good girl. A breeder knows how to control herself," you grin, licking her earlobe as you push your finger deep in her ass, as far as it will go.

"Oh! Oh! Fuck! Shit! Agh!" she cries, as you begin to thrust your finger in and out of her.

"Make it difficult for her, girls. Devour her breeding equipment!" you smirk.

The girls pout, begging not to be treated like this. They increase their pace, as Prominence tries desperately not to moan. A long, wet strand of drool falls off her mouth and on to her breast.

"I'm going to ask you a question. Answer right, and I'll let you cum. Got it?" you say, your finger in her ass massaging her new prostate.

"What... What is it?" she moans, her legs quivering.

"When you breed one of our halfling cows, who decides when you cum in them? You or them?" you ask, as your free hand fondles her tiny titties.

"I... I do Sir," she gasps.

"Then why the fuck are you letting me? Do I look like a breeder to you? Or am I a cow? I don't have a cock!" you growl.

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" she sobs.

Time to give her the option to beg for release.

"Beg me to let you cum," you command.

"Please, please let me cum! I need it! Fuck! Please!" she wails.

You laugh and pull your finger out of her ass and lift it to her mouth. "You know your punishment."

"Yes, yes! I know!" she says, opening her mouth and beginning to suck on your finger.

"Good girl," you chuckle.

You decide to give her a breather.

"Here's your first lesson as a breeder, Prominence. I'm just a cow to you. Tell me to fuck right off back to my proper place, then get back to giving these women at your feet your cum filled cock and balls like a fucking breeder should!" you say sternly, to build up her resolve.

The words are harsh, but the tone is gentle.

Does she have it in her to defy you?

The farm girl breaks into sobs and snorts, shaking her head. "I'm sorry, Sir! Please... Please fuck off back to your proper place! Please!" she cries.

"That a girl," you say, smiling. "I can see your education is going well. Come along, let's get back to your chores."

You clip her nose and pull her to her feet with both hands.

You turn to the women kneeling at her feet. "Pardon my interruption, girls. Make her cum hard. She needs to know her cows long to be bred by her." You step back to where you stood before, off to the side.

You watch for a few minutes as the women eagerly suck on her breasts and crotch. Prominence visibly relaxes, before tensing up and letting out a moan.

"Don't stop!" she cries.

Laila grins up at her, and deepthroats her cute little cock. Another woman sucks both of Prominence's balls in her mouth. And a third reaches her hands up and fondles her small, perky boobs.

"Oh my god! Oh gods!" Prominence cries out, as she cums into the women's mouths. Her eyes roll back into her head as a grin takes over her face.

The women eagerly swallow down every drop of her seed.

Laila smiles and licks Prominence's cock clean for her, then pulls her down to kneel without Elvira having to say so.

The next woman stands up, ready to be a breeder. Elvira wastes little time in asking her what her most attractive race is.

She gives an immediate answer. "Elves, Mistress"

"Have you had sex with an elf before?" Elvira asks.

"No, Mistress."

"Do you think you'd like to ?"

"I... Yes, Mistress."

"We'll breed you with an elf then," Elvira says flatly. "You'll like it."

The woman's eyes widen and she bites her lip. She nods quickly.

Elves are known for their sexual prowess.

She points to you, then tells the woman, "Kiss that elf woman like your tongue was a cock needing a blowjob."

The woman nods, and walks over to you. She places a hand on your shoulder and leans in.

She presses her lips to yours. She puts her tongue inside your mouth in an awkward mimicry of what cocksuckers do best.

You moan into her, and you wrap your tongue around hers like it was her cock, licking it. You moan into her as you enjoy the feeling of her wet, warm muscle rubbing against yours. The other women cheer for the pair of you.

"That's a good start," she says, pulling away from your lips. "I like that."

"As do I," Elvira says from the bed behind all of you. Her magic flows over the woman's pubic mound, just as with the others, and an impressive set of elven cock and balls forms and grows there. Being an elf yourself, her cock looks damn near irresistible to you and your mouth salivates.

She looks down at her new equipment with a smile, then back at you. "I think it's time to give this a try," she says, moving closer to you. She places her lips to yours again as the other women cheer them on and moves her tongue into your mouth.

It takes all your will, but you manage to take a step back. You shake your head, breathing heavily.

"I... I'm bound to Laila. I would gladly devour you whole, Elf Breeder, but you must get her permission or I cannot," you pant, wringing your hands together.

"Damnit, Laila," the elf-breeder growls. "Fine. OK. You stay here, then."

The elf-breeder steps away from you, and looks at the other women around her. "Well?" she asks, looking at Laila.

"She only gets to suck you, breeder," Laila says, both arousal and authority in her voice. "She's my bondmate. Only I fuck her."

You shiver in excitement, and even Laila's face holds a hint of a smile. You step forward, nodding, and you drop to your knees in front of the woman, drooling in anticipation.

She wraps a hand around the base of her own cock, and guides the head into your lips. You moan as you suck on it, running your tongue along the underside of her glans.

Laila and the other women cheer you on. The other women do not touch themselves, but Laila strokes both her huge cock and her pussy underneath it as she watches you give your sloppy blowjob to the woman in front of you.

"Mmmm... Oh, that's good... You like that, baby? Yeah... That's it..." the elf-breeder groans, running her hand through your hair with her spare hand. "Fuck, you're good at this... Such a little whore..."

You swirl your fingers in the air and ghostly twin images of your face begin licking her ass and pussy below you. You moan loudly, and the breeder grabs your head, bucking her hips into your face as she explodes in pleasure. You slurp down all of her cum, and wait patiently for her to finish before releasing her dick from your mouth.

"Mmmm... That was great, honey," she sighs, tousling your hair and leaning down to kiss you on the forehead. "You're really, really good at that." She steps away from you, over to where her fellow breeders are waiting for her.

She kneels down with them, and the final woman yet to become a breeder stands up in front of Elvira. The Goddess asks her what her most attractive race is.

"T-Trolls," she says nervously, quietly.

The woman smiles at her, and gently strokes her head in an almost motherly fashion. She reminds you of your own mother, who died during the Great Troll Uprising.

"And you're aware we only have three trolls who follow me?" Goddess Elvira asks the enthusiastic BBW.

"Yes, Goddess," she replies.

"And you know that the process may very well result in death?"

"I do."

Goddess Elvira grins at her slowly, a twinkle in her eyes.

"If I were to make you as strong as a troll, so you could not only survive fucking them, but dominate them in the process, what would you do for me in return?" Elvira asks the chubby milf.

"Anything," the breeder promises, her voice lowering into a lustful growl.

Goddess Elvira smiles.

"No limits then?" Elvira asks, relishing the moment.

"No limits," the breeder promises, her voice echoing with determined power, staring into her Goddesses eyes as she does so.

"As you wish," Elvira says, before nodding to her gnome pet.

You all watch the gnome scamper off to a room to the right, moments later running back to Elvira with an 18 year old, cute chubby half-orc girl in tow.

"Chenille," Elvira says to the final would be breeder. "If you want to breed our trolls... kiss your daughter here like she was one of them."

Laila and the other women drop their mouths open in silent shock. The gnome squeaks in surprise. The half-orc girl goes wide eyed, looking at the woman. "Mom? You... You wouldn't?"

The breeder seems to consider it for a moment, before nodding slowly. "Yes... I would. If that's what it takes to reach my goal."

"Mom!" the young half-orc cries out in shock.

"Silence!" you say to the girl. "Our Goddess asked for your mother's obedience and she has given it! Do you dare defy our beloved Elvira and your own mother?"

The girl looks down to the floor, sobbing.

"Ah... well done," Elvira smiles.

You look to Chanelle. "Do as you have agreed so that you can become the Troll Breeder, as you asked for."

Chenille nods, before leaning into the young half-orc.

The two women embrace and kiss, as Elvira smiles watching on...

Laila pulls you down to her and whispers in your ear, "As hot as that is, how can a mother willingly make out with her daughter like that, and in front of us?!"

You laugh and whisper back as you sit beside her. "They're not actually related. We rescued the girl, Grenier, a couple years ago. She's an orphan. Chanelle just mentors her. The familial names are terms of endearment, nothing more."

"Really?" Laila says.

You nod.

"This is actually Grenier's right of passage into womanhood. The last lesson Chanelle and Elvira have to teach her is, sexual in nature. She's no longer a child. She's a woman, full of need and desire like the rest of us. Now, shh. Let's not interrupt them further…" you say, wrapping an arm around Laila as you two watch the woman and the girl continue kissing.

The girl, still dressed in her brown cloths, has shed her outer layer to reveal a far more revealing green dress. The fabric is thin and clings to her body in all the right places, and as she slinks around her mother, the girl begins to dance.

Her hips sway seductively, and she looks over at you, smiling briefly before kissing her mother full on the lips. The older woman smiles lovingly, admiring her daughter's beautiful form.

"Fuck her," Laila suddenly says, surprising you.

"What?"

"Fuck her. Now. Don't wait."

You stare at the pair, as the half-orc begins to unbutton her dress, revealing a black bodysuit that hugs her body and pushes up her ample bosom, while still preserving her modesty.

Chanelle looks over at Elvira, unsure, but Elvira nods in approval.

"Breeder Laila has declared it to be so. It must be done," she says to the woman, with a suggestive smile and a shrug. "What better time for her to learn is there? Or a better time for you to earn that troll cock you desire? Fuck your so called daughter for us, Chanelle. Make sure you both cum."

The naked, voluptuous older woman's soft body jiggles as she begins to help the half-orc teenager out of her bodysuit. Her large, milky-white breasts shake erotically as she moves her hands along the girl's toned body. The orc's hand moves to caress the woman's ass, as the pair begin to make out.

Soon, the girl's young, grey skinned body is naked, just like her mother. Their bodies intertwine. The older woman is skilled, focused and quiet. The girl is clearly a virgin, easily excited and moaning loudly, her hands flying everywhere, and her mouth drooling sloppily with her kisses.

You watch the pair make out for a time, the older woman's tongue disappearing into the girl's mouth, before reappearing and rolling over her teeth, the girl's hands moving through her hair. Finally, the older woman turns and kisses your lover on the cheek.

Laila smiles back at her. "Lay your daughter on our Goddess' bed and 69 her. Eat each other to a deliciously taboo orgasm."

You smirk. "A lovely idea. The girl has never been pleasured by a woman before, and in the presence of our Goddess and her love slaves, it seems fitting to make this the first time."

The woman stands, grabbing her daughter's hand and pulling her along. The teenager licks her lips in anticipation as she heads towards the bed. She lies upon it, with her legs spread. Her mother mounts her like a lover. Each of their pussies is in each of their faces in a sexy sixty-nine. They begin to eat each other out.

The girl is clearly enjoying herself, but the woman seems far more invested in it. She begins moaning immediately, as her head bobs up and down between her daughter's thighs.

Laila smiles at you, licking her lips. She begins to finger herself, as you watch the adult woman push her daughter's legs up over her head, exposing her asshole and pink slit.

You smile back at Laila, and begin to undress. You gently rub Laila's thighs and stomach, as the two women begin to moan louder. The teenager's ass bounces up and down over her mother's face, smacking into her with a wet squelching sound.

The girl's mother begins to moan louder, as the teenager begins to scream in ecstasy. Her moans are high-pitched, and she almost shrieks with every thrust of her mother's mouth. Every time she does this, her ass crashes into her mother's face.

As you watch this unfold, now naked yourself, you crouch above Laila and grab her big, meaty new cock. You aim the head of it at your own wet gash and you gingerly sit upon it, properly fucking your bondmate for the first time.

You'd thought you'd enjoy watching the mother and daughter going at it, but instead you're far more focused on your own mate. Your eyes are fixated on her cock as it quickly slips in and out of you, and you hold onto her knees for support. It's been quite the arousing experience for you, and you're already on the edge of coming.

As you push your pussy back onto the hard breeder dick, Laila grabs your arms and holds you in place. She begins to take over, fucking you instead.

You watch the mother and daughter go at it, as Laila's dick plows into you. You cry out in ecstasy as you squirm with pleasure, and as her dick heads in and out of your tight hole.

"Fuck me... Oh fuck me...!" You moan, as Laila continues to pound into you.

The mother and daughter begin to quiver and shake, as they both reach their orgasms at the same time.

The older woman's pussy dribbles her sweet nectar into her daughter's waiting mouth. Her daughter's powerful snatch, however, gushes her first ever orgasm out all over her mother's face like a hose.

You cry out in ecstasy as you squirm with pleasure, and as her dick heads in and out of your tight hole.

Your hands fall from Laila's knees to the stone floor, and you weakly push yourself up in time to see the mother and daughter's last moments.

Elvira turns to you and Laila, and she smiles a knowing smile as you two truly consumate your relationship. All she says to you both is a sweet, "Cum for us."

And then, the two of you do just that. You scream in ecstasy as your body tenses up and you release a gush of female cum, while Laila bellows out loud as she shoots her big load deep inside of your womb, and her own pussy covers her balls in girl juices.

"That's it..." Elvira whispers into your ear, as your body shakes and you go limp.

You're curled up on the floor, covered in sweat and panting as a pool of girl cum slowly forms around your crotch.

"You enjoyed that, didn't you, sweet thing?" Elvira asks, as she strokes your hair.

"Yes... I did..." You say slowly, smiling.

"I want to make sure you enjoy it again, in a few days." Elvira says, and the two of you share a long kiss.

She breaks away and turns to look at the mother and daughter lovers on her bed. She beckons the girl over to her with her hand. She holds her hand out, and the younger woman holds it. Elvira smiles.

"Come on, I'll tuck you in," Elvira says to the girl.

"Thank you, Mistress." The girl responds.

Elvira looks at the girl's mother and says, "She is now a woman. And you are my Troll Breeder, Chanelle. Enjoy!"

Elvira and the girl simply walk away, leaving the rest of you to your own devices. You all turn towards Chanelle, who radiates with magical essence.

The chubby older woman's body darkens a bit, as her fair skin tans, as if she were from a warmer climate. Then a powerful troll sized and shaped cock and a hairy set of balls form on her pubic mound.

"Fuck me, bitches!" She commands with a smirk.

Jakki and Dawn both smile and nod. Then, they rip the clothing from their bodies. Jakki has perky tits and slim hips. Dawn has a more classic hourglass figure.

"We go both ways," Dawn says, "So you don't need to worry about which of us to put that big dick into."

Chanelle grabs the two women and easily tosses them on the bed, a magical strength about her that she will no doubt use to breed the trolls later. But now she's going to get her rocks off with these willing, human whores.

"Come ride me, bitches. I'll put that ass to better use, Jakki."

The two women get down before the troll breeder. Jakki goes for the dick, and Dawn goes for Chanelle's tits.

"Fuck, that's good," Chanelle says.

The troll breeder grabs Dawn by the head and begins thrusting her tits in and out of her mouth, one after the other. Jakki lays beneath her, taking the dick balls deep inside her cunt. Jakki begins massaging her clit, and the three of them build up a rhythm together.

"Don't... Don't you dare fucking cum yet!" Jakki commands.

She looks to the other breeders, including Prominence and Laila. "Surround this fucking bed and shower your cum over us!" Jakki cries out desperately.

The breeders start hosing down the trio with their seed. Prominence aims at Jakki's tits. Laila aims at her back. Valcuna aims at her face.

Dawn, Chanelle and Jakki all cum together in one gooey, orgasmic orgy, flooding each other and bed in bodily fluids. Valcuna's cum hits Jakki's tits, jizz splattering on her back and face. Prominence's cum hits her back, some in her hair. Laila's cum covers her face and some splatters on her tits. Dawn and Chanelle's cum is on her tits.

The five of them ride their orgasms out, before collapsing in a big pool of lust and bodily fluids.

"Fuck me," Jakki says. "That was... Mmh... I need a break."

"And you have one!" Elvira says, re-entering the room and walking up to what's left of the orgy on and around her bed.

She waves her hands out in a sweeping motion, and everyone in the room is suddenly dressed, freshly clean and refreshed. The women who became breeders all have incredibly obvious bulges in their form fitting outfits. Even Prominence's smaller bulge is still very apparent.

"Now then, that wasn't so bad, was it?" Elvira asks.

"No, Mistress," the group collectively answers.

"Good. I'm glad you all liked it. Now then, Laila and your bondmate, stay with me. The rest of you may leave us. You have your jobs…" Goddess Elvira says, nonchalantly waving them away and blowing them each a kiss.

Once everyone is out of the room, Elvira closes her door and then immediately locks it. Laila gulps nervously.

"Breeders of perfection, my ass," she says.

"You're the only perfect breeder of the whole bunch, Laila," Elvira says, patting her shoulder reassuringly. "They each have a single race to breed. But do you know who you can breed, my dear?"

"I'm afraid I don't..." Laila meekly responds.

"You breed that which you hunt, Laila. You and your bondmate are my warriors. We defeated evil earlier today, but there's still more out there to hunt down," she says, as she gropes Laila's bulge in her shorts. "And this big fucking cock of yours will fuck all of them so hard they will be reborn from the inside out into good and peaceful beings, much like you yourself were."

Laila's expression of fear is now replaced with a look of confidence and excitement.

"Yes... I like that. I'm not a breeder. I'm a warrior! And, Mistress, you're a wonderful teacher!"

"Tomorrow, your training begins. Your bondmate will teach you the ways of magic, combat, and sexual domination. You will not leave until you have mastered them all. Then, you will leave, together, and begin to cleanse this realm of all manner of wretch that infects it. Do you accept this? Shall you devote your life to this cause forever more?" Elvira monologues to her.

"I shall, Mistress."

"Then, rise, my loyal servant. We have much to teach you... and even more to learn," she says, smiling.

The next day, you begin the training of Laila.

You begin in the ways of combat, as that's a fairly obvious one.

....

Meanwhile, back at the old ruins you had all left earlier, at the spot where pools of your magic-enhanced cum still lie, a tentacle slithers about. Then another. And another.

Then, they are crushed by the jagged boots of a devil's prince, one by one. He leans down, and licks some of your trio's abandoned cum with his incredibly long, prehensile tongue. He is covered in black, scaly, impenetrable skin. Two large, black horns protrude from his head.

"Mmmm... delicious. Your spunk does my mouth good, Infernal One. I shall return you to your true form, demon lord, or kill your new one where she and her whoremate stand when I find them!" he snarls.

The demon looks around, snarling. He knows a few things. He knows that his presence in this realm is illegal, as is his master's. He also knows that his kind are not known for keeping their promises.

He chants in an infernal tongue that no mortal knows, and sends a psychic message half across the continent in your direction. It penetrates the defenses of the Eternity Temple, and connects with Elvira's mind as she meditates.

"Cum for me, whore of the divine, so that I may find your pussy, and my demon lord who fucked it!" the devil's prince says through the enchantment.

Despite her superior will power, Elvira feels an incredibly strong desire to orgasm for this horrible creature. She spreads her legs, and fingers herself as she writhes in pleasure on the ground.

"Ah... I can see your womb!" he says, as he spies her from afar.

He casts a spell, and a small portal opens. A tentacle with a bulbous, dripping, throbbing tip appears. It enters her wet cunt, and she lets out a moan as the creature watches her writhe in ecstasy.

A wave of twenty tentacles appear, each one guided by the will of the Infernal. They begin to grope and grab at Elvira. Their tips squeeze into her sphincter, pierce her breasts, penetrate her asshole, and more.

The elven woman is filled with an army of penises, each one filling her up in so many ways.

"You like that, don't you? Tell me how much you love it. And I'll give you a little reward at the end. You like rewards, don't you?" the demon asks.

"Yes! Oh gods, yes! I love it! I love your monstrous cocks! Ram them in me! Tear me inside out! I'm a slut for infernal dick!" she shouts.

The orgy of unnatural lust goes on for a few minutes, as the demon prince watches Elvira get bred like a brood mare. He knows she can't get pregnant from it, but his tentacle minions fill her and cover her with his infernal seed anyway.

"Cum, slut, so I can find you for myself!" he demands.

Elvira cums, and the portal to the Infernal plane closes. With it, so do the tentacles. The demon's cream lies on her belly, her tits, her face, and leaks from her ass and pussy. The last thing she hears from him before his spell ends is his cackling, devious laughter.

"Shit!" she seethes through clenched teeth.

She's left covered in sticky infernal seed. She quickly gets dressed, before rushing over to the nearest apparent exit. It's one of the balconies, leading to a drop of several stories.

"Shit! Shit! Shit!"

She rings the emergency bell, loudly, until her entire flock gather below her in the courtyard, including you and Laila, Chanelle and Grenier, Jakki and Dawn, Prominence, her gnome man servant, and all the rest.

"What?! What?!" they ask.

She shows them the cum on her body.

"I've been bred like a brood mare! Forced upon by the infernal magics of a devil's prince! War! War is CUMMING!" She shouts.

"What?!" everyone asks.

"We're going to war! The infernals have taken the fight to us! We need to kill every demon and devil we find! I want out troops ready to strike in an hour!" she declares.

"Demons?! There's hundreds of them! They'll wipe us out!" Prominence says.

"So be it. Anyone who doesn't want to go meet our new devil overlords can stay here. I'm still going to war."

Most of the faces in the crowd look afraid. The bravest, or more likely the most scared, step forward.

"We'll go to war with you." they say.

Most of them look terrified. If you weren't going before, you certainly are now.

You stand in front of them. "Remember your training! We are their masters and their betters! If they dare fight us, they die, or are reborn to join us! They stand no chance against our Goddess! Embrace Eternity!" you yell, finishing your rousing speech with your fists in the air.

It works, they're convinced.

"When do we leave?" Laila asks.

"Now." You say.

You board a convoy of coaches with your fellow priests and priestesses. The ride is long, but silent.

You've been here before. And after this is over, you'll be here again, years or decades from now. It matters not.

War? War never changes.

In your life you've been to war three times, traveled through magical tunnels to islands where demons and human civilizations battle each other constantly, sailed across oceans of poison, and walked across deserts. And you're just getting started.

A demonologist has an almost infinite capacity for knowledge. Yet they know nothing of which you fight. Experience is your teacher in this.

"I know a thing or two," Laila says, joining you psychically in your mind through your shared link. "And I remember the devil's prince from before. My past life knows his tricks. He is a fool. We will stop him."

You grab her and kiss her, and you say out loud to her, "I know we will."

The caravan approaches the city. You look on it, seeing it's tall towers and walls to keep the demons at bay and it's bustling population. The city is large, but compared to other cities it's size it's more like a town.

You're going to miss it, should it fall. At least you have time to evacuate the residents.

You sigh. And so, it begins. Again.

A group of soldiers stands outside the city, on the lookout for demons. One notices you and comes to investigate. You exit your carriage.

"Well, what have we here?" He says to a woman, grabbing her breast. "New prostitutes?"

You walk up to him. "War is coming. Let her go or you'll be the first to die."

"Oh really? And who might you be?"

"I'm the emissary of Eternity. Vessel of the Goddess Elvira. And you," you say, grabbing the soldier's crotch, "are now castrated…" as his balls magically disintegrate in his pants. His eyes widen and he falls to the ground clutching his crotch. The other soldiers laugh.

"I'm sorry, sir! Please!" He cries.

You chuckle. "Ah, you'll be fine." You scan the area and see a general in the distance.

You run up to him and tell him the bad news. Preparations are made soon after. You ready yourselves for the inevitable.

It's time for another cleansing.

This is your life, and it's about to get a hell of a lot more interesting.