Three turns cold, one and three-quarters turns hot. That was how she expected it, and I would hear no end of complaints if I didn't get it right. Something about her skin being 'sensitive'. I just thought she was a bit wimpy when it came to heat; it would certainly explain why her 'aircon' was always running.

Whatever the reason, it was my job to make sure the bath filled at just the right degree of lukewarm. She could just as well do it herself, but I was the one to do it, and that was that. So, I'd done as fine a job as my current motivation allowed. Just passable, in other words.

I popped my head out of the bathroom. "Hatate."

No answer. So she was in that sort of mood today.

"Miss Hatate," I tried.

Still nothing. I grumbled. If she was going to keep being this tart about a mild rebuke, gods forbid I ever see what a major disagreement would bring about.

Stalking around the corner, I found her still prone on her perennially laid-out futon, rapid clicking the only sound audible over the cloying noise of a 'radio' set adjacent. Her outside clothes were left in a loose pile next to the futon, leaving her in an oversized shirt and little else. Perhaps some other man would be excited by such a sight. To me, it was merely an annoyance.

'Working,' she called it. All it ever seemed to me was her messing about on that 'phone' of hers. She'd sit there half the day punching buttons if no one interrupted her.

I dodged several newly tied-up stacks of old magazines to make my way closer. Whatever counted for music coming out of that damned black box made it nearly impossible to hear my own thoughts. Steeling myself, I bent down and adjusted the racket down to a reasonable level. Hatate's pointed ears wiggled in reaction to the sudden absence of chaos in the air.

Still, she went on click-clacking. How her fingers never cramped, I couldn't guess. "I was listening to that."

"I need you to listen to me for a second, if that's alright."

"Hurry up, then. I've gotta finish this article."

"If I heeded that, you'd never get in the bath. Then, who'd take the blame for you smelling tomorrow, hmm? No need to guess. We both know the answer to that one."

"Hold on just a damn minute!" She propped up on one elbow, side-eyeing me over her shoulder. "I don't even have to worry about being smelly. Not like some human. So, what's it matter if I do it now or later?"

I knelt down to eye level with her. Try as she might to beam fury into me with her look, I was unshakable. "Matter or no matter, I've run the bath, as instructed, at the time given to me. Your mother's word is my law."

Hatate's nose wrinkled at the mention of my employer. The 'phone' thudded on the tatami as she pushed herself up into a kneeling position, looking down at me with cold fire in her eyes.

"Alright, since we're talking about her, was the thing with the magazines her order? My snacks? My laundry pile? I don't seem to remember anything being said about that!"

"'Keep everything tidy' were the exact words."

"I had everything where I wanted it, so what the hell was the problem?"

I took a deep breath and stood up to my full height, giving myself a full head's difference over her. "I'm not here to argue over how to do my job. You're to have your bath now. Those are my instructions, and I will follow them as set. If you take issue with that, take it up with your mother."

At that, she was struck dumb, her face pink in anger. Her ears drooped like some small animal giving a warning before it bit.

Fuming, Hatate got to her feet and stomped past me, casting off her remaining clothes in a line behind her. Before she disappeared into the bathroom, she looked back at me with some expectation, her black wings flaring and refolding in a gesture of tengu petulence. At least she didn't slam the door shut this time. The apologies I had to issue to neighbours were awkward, to say the least.

"Well? Come on!" she called hotly from inside. Sighing, I consigned her clothes to the 'later' pile in my mind and joined her in the bathroom.

She'd already taken her position on the stool, thankfully saving me the trouble of further herding. I wasted no time making all of the proper adjustments on the 'shower' to get it the right degree of warm. The idea of spraying her with cold water to vent my own frustrations passed through my mind. I didn't want to give her any more fodder for when she inevitably complained to her mother, so I stilled that impulse.

Truthfully, I just wanted to make sure she had a halfway enjoyable bath.

The water heated, I handed things to Hatate so she could scrub everything I wasn't to handle. Despite her earlier fit of temper, she obediently did so. The only sign of her previous mood was how she washed herself with enough force to leave her skin glowing a deep pink.

Seeing her wings folded gave me some apprehension about how to proceed once she was done. Touching them was an act requiring intimacy that she would sooner die than offer me, a fact she had made painfully clear the first time I accidently brushed them, making her back effectively off-limits unless she expressly permitted me.

"Shall I wash your hair, then?" I asked.

Her ears gave a halfhearted wiggle. "Yeah," she groused without looking at me.

"Unless you want to move your wings."

"No, just do my hair."

"As you wish." I took the 'showerhead' from her. "Pardon me, then."

I took the stretchy ties out of her hair, letting it spill down her shoulders like a brown curtain. Aside from these times, she rarely ever wore it like that. A shame, really, since it gave her a sense of grace her chose style didn't.

Wetting her hair, I then set to work with the lather. This, too, came with a necessary degree of caution. Should any of the foam get too close to her eyes, Hatate would raise a fuss and possibly eject me. That meant I had to carefully work in layers, going through the hair over and over until it was sufficiently cleaned. I started with the thinnest layer around her fringe.

I was thankful that Hatate's sauciness didn't extend to moving about when it was most inconvenient. The most awkward part was out of the way in a few seconds, leaving me with more breathing room to work. When I began to massage her scalp, she too seemed to relax, her shoulders losing much of their tension. The odd hum escaped her lips as my fingers did their work.

As I proceeded, she gradually stopped responding to my fingers running through her hair. I could tell she wanted to say something.

"Yes?" I prompted.

"I didn't say anything," Hatate muttered.

"If you say so." I went back to washing her hair, slower and gentler to give her time to think.

"Hey," she spoke up not long after, "you're going to stay after this, aren't you?"

"I still have work to do, don't I?"

She grumbled. Teasing her really was too easy sometimes. "That's not what I mean. I mean... you know, tonight?"

I kept washing her hair as if she'd said nothing of any particular importance. The tips of her ears rapidly turned pink, probably matching her face at the moment. It was all I could do to not smile.

"You're doing that on purpose!" She reached back to smack me on the thigh hard enough to sting.

"Nothing of the sort, Miss Hatate. I'm just surprised you would be so bold."

She grabbed the 'showerhead' from me. "Whatever. You know what, don't even bother. I shouldn't have asked."

She rinsed her hair without my help, leading to the predictable trouble of getting soap in her eyes. I offered my assistance, which she accepted with only some fuss before she snatched the 'showerhead' back to rinse the rest of her once more.

I leaned down near her ear, far enough that I didn't startle her. "Hey, Hatate."

"What?" she asked after a pause.

"I'm sorry. I can't help myself sometimes. You're so adorable when you get angry, you know?"

Then, I kissed the nape of her neck, drawing a quiet shudder from her and making her wings spread open. Her ears grew a deeper pink until they were practically red.

"Dummy," she said quietly.