Taking a few steps forward, I look the gate over from top to bottom. The large torii standing in the way signifies that this truly is that place... The location where she went to, trying to locate the one she hated the most...

Overwhelmed by it all, I take a step back and sit on the rock behind me, still looking at the torii which marks the edge of "the barrier". Just beyond that gateway is the Hakurei Shrine, and just beyond that shrine should be a village... Or so I've heard. Supposedly, there's a woman in the village who knows her, and can tell me where she is.

"...Fujiwara..."

Resting my head on one palm, I say this and look up at the gate with hope. She may have rejected me so many years back... but I told her that I'd never give up on her, and so I'll chase after her even now, into the land called "Gensokyo"... Even if it means putting my own life at risk, and even if youkai dwell within, I won't stop here.

Standing from my place of rest, I walk towards the gate and spot a body of water at its foot, shining with the light of the moon on its surface. Gazing into the pool, I take just a moment to look at myself.

Black hair, in a mess going this way and that... Brown eyes, generic and dull, yet still with some life in them... Even my clothes don't stand out. Just a generic yukata and a sash. The strangest item I have is a walking stick in one hand, for when I get particularly tired, but even that isn't to strange in an area like this.

That's what I look like, and how I hope to always look. Pointing my attention back towards matters at hand, I pass the torii, crossing the point of no return. Even now, I can feel that presence of demons in the air, and it's... concerning.

A sudden rustle nearby catches my attention, and a flash of claws barely evades my vision. Backing away slowly, I watch the bush for more movement and, surely enough, something in the shape of a human lunges out towards me. Correcting my footing, I narrowly dodge the beast's next blow before giving it a good whack to the head with my walking stick, sending it spiraling to the ground.

Looking it over, it seems to be... A pink haired, bony winged girl. She's sporting an apron and two fuzzy ears, which seem uncharacteristic of any bird I know. A feeling of dread sneaks up on me, and I take off towards the shrine, where there should be someone waiting to assist me.

Quickly, I ascend the steps to find... That the shrine is void of light, and that the activity I expected is nowhere to be found. A chilling wind blows past, and I have to hinder myself from looking back as I jump the railing of the building, taking off into the woods with reckless abandon.

"Fujiwaraaa! I'm not going to die here! I'll find you, and then I'll propose to you again, just like before! Do you hear me, Fujiwara? I'm not like the others, since I'll never give up! I won't turn around and abandon my goals, and I'll prove to you that I'm a suitable man for you to marry!"

Flying through the trees and other foilage, I feel my footing mess up, and with one loud thud I hit the ground, flying through a thorn bush as I do. Finally rolling into a tree, I come to a painful and bloody stop, no longer able to move without feeling pain... but I still move my arms, and pull myself up, only to fall down once more.

"D... Damn it! Why couldn't I be blessed with a body to match my desire? If this useless vessel of meat can't do the job, then... I guess I just have to... give... up..."

Feeling my drive leave all at once, a staggering pool of blood enters my sight. The pool expands, and it takes a few seconds for my deluded mind to realize that it is, in fact, my own blood spilling out of my body.

That's when the rim of a long skirt, or possibly of a dress, enters my limited sight. A feminine laugh, and an air of benevolence... Despite my condition, I'm happy to see that there's somebody else out here.

"Fujiwa... ra... Is that yo... u...?"

"...No, I am not Fujiwara. I am not guilty of the sins she has committed, and I am not one to know the sort of past she has had to live with... I can, however, make it so you can see Fujiwara."

"You... You can show me to her? Please, h... elp me get up, and help me so that I can see her agai... n. I'm begging you..."

For a time, the owner of this voice is both still and quiet. I can feel her gaze going over me once and once more, studying me with careful precision. Even now, this woman is probably thinking about how pitiful I am, and how I don't seem to be anything special...

"...Very well. I will let you meet Fujiwara once more, and you can do whatever you please from that point."

"...What do you want in exch... ange? It must be something... incredible."

After saying that, I feel a thorn being carefully removed from my forehead, and I notice that the skirt has gotten much closer to me now. Two small, delicate hands touch my head, and one gradually slides down to rest on my eyelids.

"The only thing I ask for in return... Is that you rest."

That course of action is the most logical one, which is to follow the stream to some form of life. As I'm about to take off, I notice that I no longer have my walking stick with me, and after examining myself more closely, I notice a distinct lack of thorns or cuts on my part.

Whoever rescued me the other night must have plucked every one of them out... I should be grateful if I ever meet that person again, though that may not happen for some time now.

Pushing these matters to the side, I begin my trek down the slowly widening stream, waiting to see some form of life nearby. Looking around, the only life that meets my eyes are the bamboo stalks, rising high up into the air. Feeling a bit too defenseless, I place one foot on a nearby stalk and pull it apart, creating a blunt, though likely none too dependable, weapon.

Continuing down the stream, something in the water starts to catch my eyes. A sign of life, however small, is swimming in the shallow water near me. Crouching down, I observe it and see that it's a small fish, and that there's others like it less than a foot away.

Driving the broken stalk into the dirt, I continue to march forward and watch the flowing water. More and more fish of different shapes and sizes fill the stream, which is just a short ways now from becoming a small river. It's then that the stream opens up extremely wide, and even larger fish occupy a pond that has opened up before me.

Looking around the area, something catches my attention. Just a short walk from where I am is a large opening in the bamboo stalks, which looks like something that must have been done with human hands. Rushing over, I look at the edges and confirm this thought of mine. On both sides of the opening are tracks, left by some sort of wagon that somebody was using.

Turning back towards the pond, something else grabs my attention... Though it seems that I have already caught her attention before noticing her.

Sitting at the bank of the pond, not too far from where I was when I entered the area, is... Fujiwara, wearing that same outfit I always remembered her wearing.

"...Yo." Waving a hand towards me, she balances her fishing pole with another hand, not smiling. "Hey, what's a person like you doing out here in the bamboo forest? There's youkai that live here, you know. They don't always attack people in the daytime, but some do."

"...Fujiwara... Are you saying that you don't remember me?"

"Sorry, I'm not good with remembering who all of you villagers are. Are you Daisuke, or maybe Oburo?"

"...No, I'm not from a village. I've spent the last few months of my life searching for you, and now I've finally found you... Do you really not remember me?"

She screws her eyebrows up in confusion for a moment, and shakes her head slowly. My chest suddenly feels heavy, and... it feels like something just isn't right about this entire situation. She had stayed in that village where I lived just five years ago, so there's no way she could possibly forget so quickly.

"I'm sorry, I really don't know who you are. Maybe you could tell me, and then my memory can be refreshed?"

"Don't you remember...? My name is Murou! You came to visit my village some time ago, and then you left after being there for two years... Don't you remember that promise I made you, that I would become a man worthy of marrying you one day?"

Silently, she shakes her head. Feeling defeated, I sit down on the nearby bank and gaze into the water, no longer confident in myself as the man I thought I had become. It's then that a new noise reaches my ears, coming from the direction I intended to go earlier.

"Hey, Mokou! Sorry I took so long, but I had to sneak away from the rest of them while carrying this fishing gear... huh? Who's your friend?"

Looking at the newcomer, her appearance strikes me odd for two reasons. The first is that she has two floppy rabbits ears sitting atop her head, and the second is her outfit, which doesn't look like something I've ever seen before. A carrot shaped pendant dangles around her neck, and her socks look dirtied even though she had put sandals on.

"Oh, Tewi. Glad that you made it today, it must have been a real hassle to come all the way out here. Anyway, this guy is apparently named Murou, and it seems like he's met me before."

"Murou? That sounds kind of like your name, you know... Does he have a rod, or is he just going to be my bait for today's get together?"

Pressing one hand up to her lips, the girl named Tewi giggles mischievously in my direction before plopping down next to Fujiwara. She throws her line into the water, keeping it at a distance from Fujiwara's, and then looks over at me again with a curious intent.

"Hey, stop being so quiet! It's true that this is a forest infested with dangerous youkai, but they won't attack you while the two of us are here together, especially not out in broad daylight. Besides, I can just make you lucky enough to avoid them if you kept me some company~."

Saying that, she pats the spot right next to her while sporting a large smile. I might feel uncomfortable doing so, but an invitation is an invitation. Walking over, I sit down next to her and make Fujiwara glance over at me once more. The girl known as Tewi merely smiles and wiggles her feet around, acting as if she has a new plaything.

"So, where are you from? You don't look like someone from the village, since most of their men keep nice and trim hair. Would that mean you're not from Gensokyo...?"

Looking into the water, my reflection proves that her statement is true. My hair, which was shorter before I tried to find Fujiwara, has grown a considerable length. My chin has also collected stubble to the point of being a faint beard, and my cheeks look bony, as if I hadn't eaten anything in a short while.

"I'm... I'm from a distant village, that Fujiwara had visited once before. I am not from any place called 'Gensokyo', though I had heard about it while I was living out on my own... I had heard Fujiwara came here, so I searched for months to find this place."

"Wo~w, so you're some kind of hermit? I don't think I've seen a hermit for a long time now, no..."

Wiggling her feet once more, she pulls on her rod and plucks a particularly large fish out of the water. Bringing it close to herself, she pulls it off the line and tosses it behind her, landing it in a bucket she had carried in when she entered the scene.

"Hey, how did you catch that sort of thing? Using luck to catch huge fish and landing them in bucket is cheating, Tewi!"

The smaller of the two girls laughs, rubbing her head as she casts her fishing line back in. Fujiwara smiles with good intent, until her gaze meets my eyes once more. She looks... disturbed. Not as much by something frightening, but something that is just unsettling.

"...Well, I've caught enough fish anyway. I'm going home."

Standing to her feet, Fujiwara pulls her line back in, and is surprised when a large fish is also clinging desperately to her line. The girl called Tewi merely giggles as Fujiwara pulls the thing off and drops it into her own bucket, blushing a little as she gathers her things up.

"...Ah, wait. What are we going to do about the human, Mokou? He can't just be left out here with nothing but my luck, can he?"

"I'll leave that to you. I'm too conflicted to make a good decision right now... Oh, and thanks for the fish, little miss Inaba."

Saying that, she starts to walk away, making her way towards the edge of the clearing.