I've been fumbling around in my bed for quite some time now, wondering who to bother on this boring summer day.

Let's see. I've only recently teased my favorite shrine maiden with candy, almost spoiling the girl rotten with them. And I better leaves Yuyuko alone, she is most likely suffering from a hangover after last night's party. Suika is unable to from a hangover and I could bother her, but she'd make me drink. I don't feel like drinking in broad daylight, especially on a hot day and after yesterday's party.

Trading with my favorite shop keeper seems like a good idea, but then I'd have to fetch some stuff myself. Quite frankly, that is too much of an effort for me right now. I don't even feel like changing out of my pajamas. My options are very limited, so I guess I'll bother Ran.

"Ran!" I yelled. Ran is quick to attend to my needs and arrives in my room before I could think of a good prank. She sits down a step away from my futon.

"What do you require, lady Yukari?" she asked. As I eye her from head to toe, I notice that her hat is gleaming, almost sparkling. Did she use that new washing powder I fetched? Intrigued by her hat, I open a gap and snatch it off her head from the comfort of my futon.

Ran is puzzled, her fox ears perch up and her fluffy tails become visibly tense. Then she realizes what happened and appears frustrated, even embarrassed. Before she can say anything, I thoughtfully fondle her hat, taking in its rich and silky texture. The new charms placed on it are smooth and brimming with potent magical forces as well. As I squeeze it in my hand, I notice how it doesn't wrinkle at all!

"Please return my hat," she begs politely. Much to my surprise, her reaction is more intense than I first thought it would be. Is Ran embarrassed by the fact that I took her hat or by my indecent handling of it? I continue to fondle it and notice how it gives off a very pleasant fragrance. After a few sniffs, I realize it is the same as my shampoo, the one with the distinct coconut and hibiscus aroma.

"Ran, have you been using my shampoo?" I ask. Her expression changes quickly and judging by those droopy fox ears and nervous tail twitching, Ran must believe that she's gotten herself into big trouble.

"Don't worry about it," I say. Moving in closer, I gently stroke her hair. As expected, the shampoo made it smooth and shiny. I start playing with her hair, curling it gently around my finger. Ran would look even cuter if her hair was curly! A curl iron would do just the thing! Oh, it appear that my actions have only worsened the poor girl's embarrassment.

"You can use my shampoo more often if you like," I say. Somewhat relieved by what I said, Ran calms down a bit. My hands starts to drift towards her ears. I rub and scratch them lightly, provoking quite the reaction from my foxy servant. Her cheeks gain a pink tint and as I continue to rub this sensitive area, she yelps in a playful tune. I might have taken this a bit too far, so I slow down for a moment.

"Please, don't stop," she says. To tease her, I stop patting her head entirely. I even return her hat, placing it in her lap. Ran doesn't respond to the teasing too well and reaches for my hand. Our fingers fumble around for a while and then they interlock. Squeezes my hard firmly and looks up. For a moment, our eyes meet, but then she becomes timid and looks away. Even the gentle grip on my hand loosens.

At this point I can't turn down her request. I reach her head once again. Ran closes her eyes and the content smile on her face grows larger as I begin to rub my fingers against her soft fox ears again and again. I stop holding her hand, but only to stroke her silky blonde hair.

My ear rubbing grow bolder with each movement. When I pinch them lightly, she lets out a muffled yelp and bites her lip, showing off her pretty white fangs. My excitement is rising and my hand starts wandering further south to her nape to gently massage her neck. This massage causes quite a reaction, as evident from her restless tails. They're playfully waggling in different directions, all puffed up.

I want to touch them. To do that, I better get into a more comfortable position.

"Ran, sit on my lap," I say. Without any hesitation, Ran gets on my lap, but not quite in the way I imagined. I thought she'd be sitting sideways. Instead, she's straddling me. Her arms are already hugging my neck tightly and our ample chests are pressing against each other. I certainly don't dislike this position and I can reach her tails just fine, even without the assistance of gaps.

I hug her waist tightly and she rests her head on my shoulder. We stay like this for a moment or two, just cuddling. Then I reach for one of her restless tails and start stroking it. It is silky and smooth to the touch, much like her hair. Does she use my shampoo for her tails, too? So it would seems as each stroke releases more and more of the distinct fragrance. Or am I perhaps smelling her hair? It could be either.

The stimulation is making Ran's breathing heavy with excitement. I'm becoming very warm myself, almost uncomfortably so. Suddenly, I feel a hot tingling sensation on my right cheek. Ran is no longer resting her head on my shoulder, but rubbing her warm cheek against mine. At the same time, she begins making circles on my back with her fingers. These tiny movements sent surprisingly strong tingles down my back, it feels great!

I notice that I've started doing bolder movements around her tails and without realizing. While I was petting her lower back, my hand strayed to her shapely behind. Ran almost moans. No, she most definitely moaned when I coped a feel. Her hands stop making circle shapes on my back, her cheek stops rubbing against mine. Ran leans back. My, my! Her cheeks are as red as they can be!

Our eyes meet.

"Your face is r-red, mistress," she says with a slight stutter. Judging from how hot my face feels right now, I must be at my peak redness.

My eyes wander around and I notice how Ran's sizable chest rises and falls with each breath she takes. As I look back at her yellow eyes I realize that she's watching me breathe as well. For her pleasure, I undo a button on my pajama, giving her a generous view of my cleavage. Ran becomes coy for a moment and faces away, peeking only through the corner of her eyes, but then faces me again. She's seen me bathing naked yet she still feels ashamed! I giggled.

Taking the initiative again, I gently grasped her head with both hands. Ran closes her eyes as I begin petting her red hot cheeks. That's not enough for her, it seems. She reaches for my hands and begins rubbing them against her face all by herself. As she's doing this, I can feel her pulsating, smooth face. I bet she feels my heart racing as well.

Next, she reaches for my index finger and places the fingertip on her lips. Then she licks it while making a naughty expression, one I never expected to see on Ran's face! I think I let out an unladylike gasp in surprise, too! Seeing my reaction turns her on, smiling mischievously. Next she takes my middle finger and gives it a lick, then my ring finger, another seductive lick! I'm not excited by the sensation itself, but by her incredibly naughty she is. Bedroom eyes, a lustful smile, indecent lips, cute perky fox ears, my heart is melting away!

Then, as she was about to lick my pinky finger, she opens her mouth widely, stretches out her tongue and licks it from the base to the very tip. Ah, I couldn't contain myself anymore, she's got me this time. We're both panting from licking fingers or getting them licked.

Ran lets go of my hands. I observe how her eyes wander across my body, stopping briefly at my lips and chest. She then leans in, puts her arms underneath mine and hugs me tightly. Resting her head between my breasts, she starts rubbing her face against my bare cleavage. Her furry ears tickle me, much to my excitement.

"Ran," I moaned. My foxy servant doesn't respond, she simply tightens her hug and keeps rubbing against my breasts. The tickles are making me occasionally giggle like a little girl. I can't let her have all the fun, so I reach for her bushy tails once more and fondle them intensively, playing with her fur and going ever closer to the base of the tails, where I start tickling her. This makes Ran wiggle erratically in my chest. The tickles on my chest become very intense, making me giggle even more. Ran then steadily slows down.

"Mistress, please don't stop," she says. I notice I have been massaging and tickling the upper portion of her posterior unintentionally while I was teasing her many fox tails. Then I feel an odd wet sensation on my breast. Looking down, I see Ran drooling from pleasure, her eyes closed, her cheeks as red as before and her hair a mess from all the rubbing and patting. My, she is so cute!

"Let's lie down, Ran," I say. Ran takes the control and gently pushes me to the ground. I never figured she would want to stay on top so badly! As she's straddling me, her tails waggle wildly in ecstasy. There's still some drool on Ran's cheek, which she wipes away in an oddly seductive manner. Next she tries to hold my hand, most likely to pin me down. Our fingers clumsily seek each other before finally interlocking properly. We hold each other's hand tightly.

Ran gazes at my lips and licks hers lustfully. Originally I planned to roll on top and kiss her first, but I'll admit that I don't dislike this particular development. Quite the contrary, I'm all hot and bothered! Closing my eyes and pouting my lips, I can feel Ran leaning in ever so slowly. Her heavy breaths become louder as she gets closer and closer. She's taking her damn time, but this only makes me quiver in anticipation~!

And then, finally, our lips meet and a second later, our breasts squeeze against each other, adding incredible stimulation to an already intensive moment. Ah~! I feel liquid fire spreading through my veins, originating from my lips. Fitting for a kiss with a cutie such as my Ran! Once she breaks the kiss, I immediately return it. When I graze her lips with my tongue, a second eruption of ecstasy washes over me. If I'm not mistaken, Ran trembled, if only for a moment.

Ran sits up and smiles while her tight grip gradually loosens. I smile back and give her a very suggestive smile and a wink, too. This might have been a small climax and yet it is only the beginning!

Then I suddenly notice a familiar figure peeking through the half-closed door.

It is Chen. She must have been watching us for some time now.

Ran and I will need to explain this.