I was furious. Seeing red. I had to get away and cool off. I stormed out of the village without looking where I was going.

Now I'm surrounded by sunflowers.

I take a deep breath. Don't panic. I haven't trod on any flowers, I'm sure of it. Just turn around, retrace my steps and I see red.

Instinctive terror freezes me in place, prey before predator. Red dress. Red eyes. Green hair. The mistress of flowers herself.

"Well, well. A rare guest. And from the village, no less."

She has a deep voice for a woman. Deceptively gentle. Her face draws near but her expression remains distant.

"Do you like flowers?"

She asked me a question. I have to speak. Please, gods, don't let me offend her.

"Yes."

It is the truth. For the sake of my life, at this moment, it is the absolute truth.

"Would you like to see more?"

She gestures at the path behind her. I dare not refuse.

"If you don't mind."

"Of course not."

We walk though the flower fields. Day after day, as if in a dream, my feet return me to the sunflowers. I never remember the journey. Only the flowers.

I learn their names. Their languages. Their likes and dislikes. Their greetings and partings, pleases and thank yous. Their mistress talks, they talk, and I listen.

Sometimes I talk. Mundane things, stories of my childhood. A corner of my mind tells me I shouldn't be spilling my life to mistress of flowers, but the words tumble out of my mouth unchecked.

Until one day she turns to me.

"I'm sorry."

I blink, mind dull.

"For what?"

"For using you. For bringing you here time and again."

The brush of her fingertip against my forehead shocks me awake. The mistress of flowers looks at me with morose eyes.

"You don't need to come here anymore."

And then she's gone.

I look around. I'm on the edge of the flower fields. The sun is low in the west. The darkening sky, the lengthening shadows and the sound of my own foosteps pursue me as I hurry back to the village and safety.

...or so I thought.

"Still not listening, eh?"

Three men block my path. Two more cut off my retreat.

"It's no use. He's been bewitched."

"What? No!" I spin around, not sure who to face. "I'm fine now! I'm never going back there!"

"Too late for that, boy."

Suddenly I'm on the ground, facedown in the dirt. The back of my head throbs angrily.

I try to roll. One of them kicks me in the stomach.

I cry out, but all I manage is a gurgle.

Blows rain down on me.

The last thing I see is the mistress of flowers staring down at me with a disappointed frown.

* * *

A white ceiling. The scent of bamboo. The distant sound of a deer-scarer.

Warm, soft covers.

"Ah, you're awake."

I blink the sleep out of my eyes. The smiling face of Dr. Yagokoro comes into focus.

"Welcome back to the land of the living. How do you feel?"

I life my head and stare around the room.

"...tired."

"No residual pain or numbness?"

"No. Somehow."

"Wiggle your toes for me? Excellent. As soon as the Hakurei gives you the all-clear, you'll be free to go."

I frown as her words sink in.

"The Hakurei?"

The doctor gives a small shrug and a professional smile.

"It's not every day that Kazami Yuuka of all people brings me a man on death's doorstep and all but begs me to save him, at her expense."

"...she did?"

The doctor's reply is forestalled by the appearance of a disgruntled miko.

"Alright, where is he?"

"Right here."

The doctor steps aside as the red-white stomps to my bedside. I slide myself into a sitting position.

"Know who I am?"

I bow my head once.

"You are Hakurei Reimu."

"Good. This won't hurt a bit."

She puts a hand to my forehead and mutters under her breath. I catch snippets of prayer and names of gods I only vaguely understand.

"He was enthralled, but he's clean now. So clean I can't even be sure who did it."

"No residual damage?" the doctor asks.

"Nothing that wasn't there before a youkai messed with it. Now, about my fee...?"

"Yes, of course. Udonge!"

A rabbit girl leads the priestess away. The doctor turns to me.

"Well then. You are in perfect health, young man. As soon as you feel up to it, you can go home."

Home is exactly how I left it. It's almost as if I've been woken from a nightmare. The days tick by as if my ill-fated walk never happened.

Occasionally I spy the men who ambushed me around the village. They avoid me. The one and only time I try calling out, they flee as if for their lives.

That tells me all I need to know.

And so it is that I, of my own free will, set out from the village, on the path leading to the Garden of the Sun.

The flowers greet me like an old friend. They're all too happy to give me the directions I ask for.

I come to her house. It's surprisingly quaint, a cozy little stone cottage with flowers growing on the roof.

Around the back, sitting at a table drinking tea, I find the lady herself.

She frowns when she catches sight of me.

"I told you, you don't need to come here anymore."

I fight down my fear and open my mouth.

"You never asked."

"Pardon?"

I take a brave step forward.

"All those times you brought me here, you never asked... if I wanted to be here."

Slowly, Yuuka sets down her cup.

And then, for the first time since I've known her, she smiles.