I awoke to a pounding sensation in my head that made my vision go white around the edges, staring blearily at the grass underneath me as the world slowly faded into comprehensibility. The sun was bearing down overhead, but the air was cool.

Attempting to remember the night before, I was met with a sudden bolt of pain arcing through my head. I grimaced, surveying the jumble of half-formed thoughts and haze that I could make neither heads nor tails of. I turned my attention outward to my immediate surroundings in hope for a clue and some relief from this mental quagmire.

Looking up, my senses were immediately assaulted by the rich greens of the environment and the clear blue of the sky. The surroundings didn’t feel remotely familiar, and I picked myself up from the flat ground and began to walk towards the nearby body of water in my vicinity. Peering down as I walked, even my clothes and body didn’t ring any bells. What was going on..? Why was it so difficult to remember anything notable? Or anything at all for that matter?

“Where am I, more importantly, who am I..?” I muttered, as I approached the calm surface and peered at my reflection. Suddenly I had a flash of recognition.

“...?” But the name disappeared before I could grab onto it.

I let out a sigh, and stared into the clear reflective surface of the pond. I could see the sky behind meclearly in the waters, and my eyes traveled across the surface looking for something notable either above or below the surface. What was I peering into this pond for again anyway?

My eyes flitted to some motion beneath the surface, a couple of fish. Along with a small gurgling from my tummy, I realized I was probably hungry.

I sit on the bank of the pond, pulling off my long white socks stained by the grass and dipping my feet into the water. I felt a small measure of relief, as clouds moved over the sun casting a shadow over the area.

There was something oddly fantastical about this natural scene in front of my eyes, the hint of wildlife and the stark greenery and blue skies as far as my eyes could see. I had a vague sense that this was not a common environment for me in ‘normal’ circumstances, but I was enjoying it all the same.

I lay back, shuffling around a little bit to reduce the jabbing sensation in my back, and stared up at the moving clouds. I could see small dots moving about in the sky, probably birds.

I let out a small sigh. “What now?” I wondered. As if in reply, ideas emerged from the back of my mind, bandying for prominence. I leaned my head to the side, resting my cheek against the grass, gazing in the direction of a small gap in the treeline, almost looking like a path.

“I guess I should take a look around then,” I spoke aloud to no one in particular.

I pulled my feet from the lake, and picked up my socks. Slinging them over my shoulder, I started walking towards the spot where I woke up, while my eyes traveled around searching for anything notable. My eyes spotted some red objects poking out of the grass, and I approached the nearest one and stooped down for a closer look.

In front of me were a pair of red mary janes that looked large enough to fit me. I shook my feet of any remaining water droplets and pulled my socks back on, then slipped the shoes onto my feet. They fit like a glove, and a few test paces assured me that they wouldn’t be uncomfortable to walk on. They seemed to be already broken in. They must be my shoes, I guess.

The next thing in the grass I came across was a small red bag tied with a white ribbon, and I picked it up and set it in my palm. I poked at it, the insides feeling like an assortment of discs of some kind, but not heavy enough for coins. There was a small note affixed that only said ‘Happy Birthday’ in fancy calligraphy. My curiosity getting the better of me, I pulled the small ribbon off and opened it. The aroma of fresh-baked cookies hit my nose almost instantly, before I could even register what I was looking at. I pulled one out, and shrugging to myself took a bite, warmth spreading throughout my mouth and into my body.

Wow, this is a really good cookie.

I crammed a couple more into my mouth before closing the bag back up, lamenting the fact that my outfit didn’t seem to have any pockets. I set it down while munching and picked up the last item, a large red ribbon. There was something alluring about the ribbon that I couldn’t put my finger on. I set my complicated feelings aside for now, and tied a simple side ponytail into my hair with the ribbon for the time being. I continued my search, going in circles around the point where I woke up.

Right around the time I was starting to feel like there was nothing else to find, I heard an odd clamor very unlike the normal wildlife noises, coming from the direction of the pond. I abandoned my search and crept carefully over to the area I heard the sounds from, ducking behind some foliage and peeking out at the figure stooped down near the surface of the pond. She was grumbling incoherently to herself about frogs and gods and being the best, and was surrounded by ice cubes.

Her hair was light blue, and along with her vivid blue and white dress and red ribbon she stood well apart from the greens of the environment, and she was a stark contrast to my plain white dress and blonde hair. In addition, she seemed to have icicle-like ‘wings’ extending from her back, and I at once felt a tinge of nostalgia and a pang of absence in addition to the curiosity and wariness of meeting another human-like being.

She seems to not have noticed me yet. My mind flitted to and fro with thoughts about who she might be, if she knew who I was, whether she was in a similar predicament to mine, I wondered whether I should approach her or leave her be. I still didn’t have a good sense of what could be ‘dangerous’ to me, since everything was an unknown.

Well, here goes. Pushing away any feelings of apprehension I emerged from the bushes only a stone’s throw away from the blue-haired girl. She was facing away from me and busy looking for things near the edge of the pond, and didn’t notice my sudden appearance. I walked around to the front of her and cleared my throat.

“Umm. hey, you there. Hi.” I thought for a moment what else I could do or say, and then pulled out a cookie from my bag and held it up. “Do you want one?”

The girl, holding a large ice cube which had something frozen in it, stared at my shoes from her squatting position and blinked. Her gaze slowly traveled upwards, until she was looking me right in the face, tilting her head to the side a bit and giving me a puzzled stare for a long moment before a look of comprehension suddenly dawned on her face all at once. She then flashed a big toothy grin at me, dropping what she was holding and standing up from her squatting position, facing me with an outstretched hand in greeting.

“Oh, hey Rumia! You’re so white and different today I hardly recognized you!” The girl took the cookie from my outstretched hand and bit it. A complicated expression appeared on both of our faces as her enthusiastic munching began to slow down, and as I thought about the new important piece of information I discovered.

‘Rumia’, huh, So that’s my name? I rolled the name around in my head and tested its feel on my tongue.

The girl turned and spit out the cookie. “Bleh! These things taste like metal. I don’t want it anymore.” She handed the bitten cookie back to me and I stared at it.

Metal? Unsure what to do with the half-eaten cookie in my hand I popped it into my mouth. I couldn’t detect anything weird about the taste of the cookie, only that it was delicious.

“Me and Dai-chan were playing hide and seek but I got tired of hiding so I went to go freeze some stuff. But she still hasn’t found me so obviously i’m the best at hiding still!” She flashed a prideful grin and took my hand. “C’mon, you can still play too! We just gotta find a hiding spot for you!”

I blinked, and stared down at the girl’s hand which was cool to the touch. 

Well, it couldn’t hurt to play along.

The girl dragged me to a nearby hollowed out log just large enough to stand in, wedged up against a rocky outcropping. “Here you go! Nice and dark, just how you like it!”

She gave my back a push and I stumbled into the shadowy tunnel. It didn’t seem as dark as she was making it out to be, with the cracks and holes in the bark causing sunlight to stream through in places. I looked back at the girl’s determined face, flashing a thumbs up at me before scampering away. I peered through a small hole in the bark and watched her run back to the pond, probably to resume whatever she was doing when I found her.

I stooped down and closed my eyes, letting out a small sigh of relief. Something about the darkness was comforting, versus being outside in the harsh sunlight. I let my mind drift as I waited.

Rumia... I wonder what kind of person I was like? I focused on the name, squeezing my eyes shut and tensing my abdomen in concentration, trying to force a memory out of me..

I sighed. Nothing. Maybe I should have brought up my memory loss after all, I pulled out a cookie and began to nibble.

Just when I was starting to wonder how long I’d need to wait here, I heard a voice. I stood up and squinted through the hole. The blue-haired girl had been joined by a pair of girls that were around the same height. One had green hair, a blue dress, and wings, while the other looked to be wearing a black and white dress, with blond hair and a red ribbon tied on one side, and shoes very similar to my own... I reached up and felt at the ribbon in my own hair, an odd sinking feeling in my stomach.

 Maybe if I get a little closer I can eavesdrop. I slipped out of the log and ducked behind some nearby bushes, the same bushes where I had originally spotted the blue-haired girl, and listened in while peeking out from my hiding spot.

“Cirno-chan, you weren’t supposed to hide so far away!”

“Yeah, but you’re so good at seeking I knew you’d find me eventually! You even found Rumia!” Cirno grinned and slung an arm around the green-haired girl’s shoulder, who must be the ‘Dai-chan’ she mentioned before, while looking the blonde up and down. “How come you look different again, Rumia?”

The girl, ‘Rumia’, tilted her head questioningly, her arms slightly outstretched at her side. “Different? Don’t I look the same as I always do?” She glanced down at her clothes with a puzzled expression.

“Nah, you were all like, white n’stuff.” Cirno ran her hand along her dress, indicating what she was talking about. “And your hair was longer, and your face looked different, and you had gross cookies.”

“I see~” Rumia smiled and nodded, though whether or not she actually understood was up in the air. “I don’t remember any of that stuff, but if you say so! Do I have any more cookies?” She brought a finger up to her mouth, her other hand resting on her tummy.

“How am I supposed to know??” Cirno tilted her head back and laughed, while Dai took the chance to untangle herself from under Cirno’s arm, patting down her dress a little bit. Rumia giggled along with her, though Dai looked about as confused as I was.

“Cirno-chan, how long ago did you see ‘Rumia-chan’, anyway?”

“Uhm, about fifteen minutes ago? She hid in that log over there.” Cirno pointed at my previous hiding spot.

Dai took a long look at the log, and then to Rumia and Cirno. “That doesn’t make sense though, i’ve been with Rumia at least a half hour looking for you.”

“Oh, huh” Cirno scrunched up her face in thought. “Now i’m confused.”

“Are you sure that was Rumia you met?”

“Are you saying I made a mistake? That never happens!”

“I see~”

“Why don’t we have a look?” said Dai, pointing towards the log.

“But Rumia is right heeeere..!” Cirno whined.

“Come on, it couldn’t hurt. Maybe that’s where Rumia left her cookies?” Dai offered.

“Mmm, good point. Let’s go!”

“Yay cookies~”

The trio of girls started walking over to the log, while I carefully positioned the bush between myself and them so that they hopefully wouldn’t be able to see me. They slipped past without incident, and reaching the log they peered inside together.

“No cookies, huh. I guess you musta ate ‘em all, Rumia.”

“Huh, that’s too bad.” Rumia pouted a little. “I wish I would have saved a few for me.”

The girl named Dai didn’t seem satisfied though, her hand resting on her chin and idly peering around the area.Then, she locked eyes with me.

A small shiver went down my back and I reflexively ducked down.

I balled my hands into fists and stood up. There’s no reason for me to hide, right? I stepped out into the open and walked over, the fairy named Dai watching me curiously as I approached. Her face turned from curious to concerned to utterly flustered, as I got closer.

When Cirno finally noticed my approach, her mouth opened wide and she started pointing at me wildly. “Two Rumias! Ahhh, see?!”

The ‘other’ Rumia looked at me with wide, curious eyes, a finger in her mouth. “Does Other Rumia have any cookies to share with This Rumia?” I pulled one out and gave it to her, and she nommed it happily.

I looked back to Dai who had a nervous smile on her face. “But Cirno-chan, she doesn’t look anything like Rumia, besides the same color hair and ribbon.. She’s even taller, see?”

Cirno furrowed her brow as she looked between me and Rumia. “Mm, I guess, Then maybe they’re sisters then? Or cousins? Or maybe..!”

“Actually, i’m not really sure who I am,” cutting her off before she could finish. I frowned and crossed my arms. “I woke up around here a little while ago, and I can’t remember anything about who or where I am.” I looked between the three girls, noticing Dai visibly relax after my admission. What was her deal, anyway?

“I’m Cirno, the strongest fairy in all of Gensokyo! That’s really important to know!” Cirno beamed. “And this is Daiyousei, she’s my friend. And so is Rumia.”

Daiyousei presented a warm smile and bowed her head slightly. “Pleased to meet you, ah, friend.”

Rumia patted her groaning stomach, smacking her lips after finishing the cookie, sniffing in my direction... I glanced over to her, and she had fixed me with an unsettling stare. “I’m still hungry.. Hey, you smell pretty tasty, you know. Let me just have a bite or two!” It didn’t look like she was talking about biscuits, either.

Rumia took a step closer to me, my insides squeezing up a little with the look she was giving me and the intent that she was giving off. “Then again, you’re supposed to finish your food...” Her red eyes glittered in the light.

“Ah, Rumia, you really shouldn’t!” Dai put a hand on Rumia’s shoulder as if to hold her back, but she just shrugged her off and took another step towards me.

The air grew darker in patches around us light drained from the air, Rumia becoming enveloped within a cloud of darkness. Her feet lifted off the ground and her arms extended at her sides, mouth opened in a wide smile, flashing her sparkling white teeth and fangs in my direction as she hovered off the ground and began to float slowly towards me with a menacing aura.

To my right was Cirno, grinning with her hands on her hips and watching the show, not at all looking like she was planning to get involved. Daiyousei stood back and flashed a sympathetic look in my direction, looking unsure of what to do, though her hand was slightly extended towards me as if she was offering assistance. 

I grabbed Daiyousei’s hand, causing her to jump a little in surprise as if she wasn’t expecting me to reach out to her. We locked eyes and she nodded to me, before calling out to Cirno. “Cirno-chan, we’re playing a new game! It’s called ‘Keep the girl away from Rumia!’”

Cirno laughed and glided between us and Rumia, entering a wide stance. “Rumia, I’m not gonna lose to you y’know.” She flashed a thumbs-down sign and they began to circle each other while rising slowly into the sky. Dai started running away from them and I followed, her feet lifting off into the air with me in tow.

It felt a little precarious, only being connected by our hands. She flew low over the treeline, and I watched the treetops pass quickly under us. Dai turned her head, speaking to me. “Sorry about that, she can’t help herself around, erm, humans..” I could hear her crisp and clearly, despite the wind rushing past us.

“It’s alright. Is that something I have to worry about on a regular basis here?”

“Well generally, during the daytime I think the humans around the village are pretty safe... But out here in the middle of the forest, not so much. Unless you’re one of those kind of humans...”

After a couple minutes of flying and listening to the wind, we descended into the treeline and touched down onto dirt and grass, nestled amongst tree trunks. “This should be far enough for now...”

I looked down and flexed my feet in the dirt, scrunching my toes. It felt interesting and new. Dai turned to look at me with a sheepish smile. “Sorry my friend tried to eat you.”

“Ah.” I wasn’t really sure what to say in response to that. “It happens.”

“So, you have amnesia? Is there anything that you can remember?” said Daiyousei.

“Mmm..” I closed my eyes and peered into the dark fog where my memories were supposed to be. “Nope, nothing. I still remember how to speak at least. And I got that you and the other girl are fairies.”

“Hmm, that’s really troubling.” Daiyousei crossed her arms, casting her eyes downward in thought. “And you might be a new arrival here as well. What to do..."

 “Can you take me to the human village? If it’s the safest option.” I patted down my feet and slipped my shoes back on.

“The human village? Hmm...” Daiyousei scanned me up and down, looking as if she was debating something internally. “I guess I could.”

Something was nagging me in the back of my mind. “How do you know i’m a human anyway?”

“Eh? How do I know? Well, I don’t really! That’s how Rumia typically acts around humans, with the whole ‘trying to eat you’ business.” She forced a smile in my direction.

“Ah.” I looked down at my body. I wasn’t really sure what options there were at this point, besides human or fairy. “What kind of person was Rumia, then?”

“Oh, her? She’s a youkai. A flesh-eating youkai to be exact, so at least we know you’re made out of flesh! Ehehe..” Her nervous laughter gradually trailed off. I poked at my arm and watched my fleshy skin bounce back when I withdrew my finger. “Either way, the village may be your best bet. Shall we be going then?”

“Mmm... sure,” I replied. She extended her hand towards me and I grabbed onto it, and we lifted off into the sky.

“I can’t go too fast with the two of us, and i’ll be taking a route to try and avoid any encounters, so please enjoy the view.”

She gained altitude until we were closer to the clouds above than the ground, and I peered down at the spectacular landscape below. I could see a lake, its surface sparkling in the sun, along with a large mansion. As I gazed in the direction of the mansion, my stomach churned. I wasn’t sure if it was just hunger or something to do with buried memories.

I swept my eyes around, spotting a hazy mountain in the distance. I also spotted the small gap in the treeline that was probably the clearing I woke up in, along with a winding river. I took a deep breath, the fresh air and the altitude and the feeling of rushing forward making me a little lightheaded. There was a lot that I didn’t know at this point, but I knew that I enjoyed this sensation of flying in the open air.

Some time later, I could see small buildings collected together out in the distance. That must be the human village.

We started to descend, towards a path that stretched between the village and a large mass of green. It didn’t look much like trees but was still clumped together like a forest all the same.

We touched down, the ground feeling solid under my feet compared to the feeling of soaring in the sky just a minute ago. I did a test jump, feeling the sensation of gravity again.

Daiyousei pointed in the direction of the buildings off in the distance at the end of the path. “Just follow this and you should get to the village in no time.”

“What’s in that direction?” I pointed in the opposite direction of the village towards the mass of green I saw from the sky.

“Ah, that’s the Bamboo Forest of the Lost. I wouldn’t recommend going that way.“

“I see. Well, thank you for all your help.” I smiled and pulled my skirt out at my sides, dipping into a small curtsy towards the fairy.

Daiyousei bowed her head slightly and smiled. “You’re welcome. I hope you find some answers. Take care!” Her wings fluttered and she rose up into the sky, waving to me before taking off. I watched her recede until she was just a moving dot, before turning to my surroundings.

I noted the position of the sun which had started to move towards the horizon. I probably had a few hours of daylight left. I was on a weathered dirt path that cut between flat grassland.

 I set out toward the village, walking at a comfortable pace as the wind gently rolled past my cheek. I saw a figure in the distance I eventually recognized as a person, with a large backpack and a hat with the brim low.

As we approached each other, I discreetly glanced at the person’s outfit. A purple robe with matching hair, bandaged forearms and cords tied under her chin keeping her hat in place. As I was noting her appearance, red eyes suddenly gleamed out from under the brim of her hat and transfixed me in place. I blinked a few times, and took a step back.

The person’s hand went up. “Ah, didn’t mean to frighten ya there. I’m just a humble purveyor of medicine, nothing less. Not from around these parts?” A small smirk appeared on her face as she sized me up.

“I’m actually not sure,” I said, frowning.

“Not sure, huh? Why’s that?” She tilted her head slightly, looking inquisitive.

I looked down, feeling small. “I woke up without memories today.”

“Oh? I see, very interesting...Funny thing about memories. It may sound great to have them, but they can bind you to the earth and burden the mind. Perhaps you are the lucky one here, free of your past. Free of wants.” She tapped on the rim of her hat and flashed a smile.

“Lucky one, huh.” I closed my eyes and took in a deep breath, letting it out slowly. I felt calm, not feeling any stress despite the situation in front of me and the situation as a whole. I opened my eyes to the medicine dealer’s smiling face.

“Well, not free of all wants I suppose. Something is moving your feet in the direction it’s going, after all.”

I looked down at my shoes, considering her words.

“There are a few paths open to you, y’know. You can try digging up your past, or using this as an opportunity to start anew. Companions new and old, both are out there if you look. Or perhaps you can turn your focus inward. Hard to say which is the best option”

“Do I have to pick just one?” I thought out loud.

“You may end up doing all those things in time, or even at the same time. But it’s important to think about what you want to do most right now, to help guide your actions. Tell me, what is it you want to do?” She locked me in a steady gaze, and I felt compelled to provide a response. 

The various options flitted about in my mind, two in particular standing out. I was a little surprised at how little I cared specifically about finding out my past, actually.

“I want to find companionship. Like a friend or something else. Someone I can be connected to. But also...” I stared down at my fingers, fiddling with them idly. “I want to develop my identity as well. So that i’m less of a blank slate.”

“I see. And what if your buried history comes back to haunt you?”

“Well, I guess I’ll just deal with that when the time comes. Not much I can do before then, right?” I looked up into her face, which was nodding in affirmation.

She slipped her pack off her shoulders and set it down, sitting on top of it and taking her hat off, revealing a pair of large bunny ears atop her head. She levelled a gaze at me, with a slight smirk on her face. “Good answer. Tell ya what, kiddo. Let’s part ways here, but if you run out of options, seek the mansion inside the Mayoi no Chikurin, the Bamboo Forest of the Lost.” She pointed along the path in the opposite direction of the village. “My master may have some medicine that could help you with your memory problems.”

“Why is it called that? ‘Mayoi’...” I rolled the word around in my head. Confusion, hesitation, being ‘lost’, a nuanced name. “Is it easy to get lost in there?”

“It can be, if your heart is clouded and you don’t have a clear sight of your destination. Look for a girl with long white hair to escort you, if you’re not confident. She’s usually wearing pants, you can’t miss her. You may run into her in the village.”

I was about to reply, but the sound of my stomach gurgling cut me off. “Ah I guess I haven’t had much to eat yet.”

“Oh? Well let me leave you with a parting gift then. Let’s see here...” She stooped over her bulging backpack and dug around inside for a moment, pulling out a white bun wrapped in paper. “Here you go! Hope you like it.”

I took it from her and looked at it, then took a test bite. The savory taste of meat and bun filled my mouth, instantly warming my insides. It must have shown on my face, because the medicine dealer’s face softened and she reached out to ruffle my hair. I smiled sheepishly, mouth full of food.

“I’ll take that as a ‘Yes, I like it’.“She giggled softly, and set her hat back atop her head. I swallowed my food and watched her sling her pack back over her shoulder and stand up. “It was a pleasure, little miss. I hope you find what you seek.”

I felt a sense of happiness deep down, touched by the support and kindness of this stranger. I showed my appreciation by smiling brightly back at her. “Thank you so much.”

“Well then, until next time.” She started walking away from me, and I watched her leave while chowing down on the bun she left me.

Once I finished eating, I turned back towards the village and started walking. There was a spring in my step, though I began to slow down as I eventually reached the end of the path.

I looked up at the large gate in front of me, embedded in the surrounding wall of the village. The gate doors were open, and there didn’t seem to be any kind of guards, so I just walked on through.

The first thing that hit me was the smell. The faint scent of food hung in the air, mixed with wood and a couple other things I couldn’t identify, but it was uniquely different from what I had encountered before. Peering around at the low buildings in rows along the road extending in front of me and to my sides, I noticed various people going about their daily business. Most seemed to pay me no mind, but I had the faint sensation of being watched. My appearance didn’t seem to fit in too well around here, I noted.

I was at a crossroads. I stopped to consider which way to go.

I felt a pang of loneliness in my chest despite arriving in a populated place, as I watched villagers go about their daily business. Well, the chances of being eaten are low here, I think. It wouldn’t hurt to find a friend. My stomach nagged at me to look for food while I was at it.

I started walking straight down the main path, my eyes travelling around taking in the sights. The warm smell of bread baking filled my nostrils, and I followed the trail to a bakery. I went up to the door and looked to my left and right, feeling conspicuous.

I slid the door open and walked in, the strong smell of baking bread hitting me in the face. I spotted loaves of bread in baskets placed around the shop.

I stood off to the side and peered over at another person in the shop bringing some bread to the counter and handing over currency. Huh, that might be a problem.

I heard the sliding door open behind me, and faced a girl in a black and white dress, who grabbed the brim of her large witch hat and levelled a smile at me. “Oh hey, talk about people you’d least expect to see at a bakery. Are you sightseeing?” 

“Does that mean you know who I am?” I looked up into her face, thinking that I must be pretty short.

“Eh? Well, you look a little different from usual. You’re missing your hat for one.” The girl placed her hand atop my head and ruffled my hair.

“A hat? Sorry, I’m having memory problems...” I fidgeted, grasping at my dress. She put her hands on my shoulders and moved me out of the doorway, and I found my cheeks getting a little flushed from the sudden contact and proximity.

“Memory problems, huh? How about we go for a walk then. First I gotta pick up some rolls for Reimu though! Not much of a bread fan myself.” She grinned.

My stomach interjected at the mention of food. I had eaten most of the cookies except for a few stashed away in a convenient dress pocket. I couldn’t help myself. “Could you pick me up some too please? I’m starving and I don’t have any money.”

“Huh, you never struck me as a bread sorta person either. Sure. Go grab something and bring it over.” I picked up the biggest loaf I saw and handed it over to her, and she paid for that and a bag of rolls. She tucked it into a sack slung over her shoulder and picked up her broom leaning against a wall, and we walked out. I started chowing down on the loaf, ripping a chunk off and munching.

“Whoa, you weren’t kidding about being hungry, were ya.” She snickered as we walked along the road. “So how bad a’ memory problem we talkin’ here? Forget what you had for breakfast?”

“I had cookies for breakfast.”

“Sounds like a balanced diet to me,” she said.

“I woke up this morning in a field with nothing but clothes and a bag of cookies, and no idea about anything. Not even a name.” I slowed down on my eating, staring at the loaf in my hands and chewing on my lip.

“Whoa. That’s rough, buddy.” She looked to be in thought. “But hey, grats on making it this far.” She patted my shoulder firmly and squeezed.

“So you know who I am?” I looked over at her, and she chuckled.

“Well, you definitely look like someone I know. Whether you’re actually her or not is still up in the stars.” She put her hands behind her head and peered up into the evening sky. “Sounds like something interesting going down. I’m in! Wonder if I should take a little detour before going to Reimu’s...”

“Who is that? And who are you for that matter?” I tilted my head. There was so much I didn’t know.

“Me? I’m just an ordinary magician that prefers Japanese food over bread. Marisa Kirisame. And Reimu is a shrine maiden who likes rolls on occasion. Y’know, I bet if we dropped by you could get some real dinner. Tea too. The shrine’s just a short flight from here.”

I lowered the half-eaten loaf from my mouth, mouth suddenly feeling dry at the mention of tea.

“Sure, let’s go.” I’m sure i’ll get more details soon. "...but call me by name... Even if it isn't mine, it may help me remember. Maybe?" I held my breath.

“Ah, sure. It’s Flandre. Flandre Scarlet. You were a hikkikomori vampire who was a few screws short of an apple pie. Nice enough girl, though.”

“Flandre?” My breath hitched when I heard the name, but beyond a vague sense of familiarity and and odd elegance to the name itself there was no rush of comprehension. “Hikka-Hikki what?”

“You spent your life living in a basement. So being out here in the middle of the human village eating bread is quite the lifestyle change, don’tcha think?”

Marisa’s words danced around in my head. These were major details.

“Assuming that, y’know, you don’t just look like her. But you’re the spitting image.”

We reached the outskirts of the village, a short walk from the bread shop, and I climbed up on her broom. After a moment’s hesitation, I wrapped my arms around her waist, and we took off into the sky for my second time today. Compared to last time, we were much higher up and going much faster. The wind rushed past my face and I I craned my neck around at the view of the sky, which was a blend of amber light on one end and the encroaching dark of night from the other, and I found my hand going up to my ribbon to make sure it didn’t come loose.

In no time at all, we swooped down towards the shrine just as the sun was disappearing over the horizon. A girl with shoulder-length black hair adorned with a large red bow, and wearing a red shrine maiden outfit was sweeping the stone walkway. We touched down a short distance away from her, and I climbed off the broom.

“I have a +1 today,” said Marisa, walking up to the girl as I tagged alongside her.

The girl let out a small exasperated sigh. “Aren’t you supposed to announce that sort of thing in advance? And what am I, a restaurant?” She turned to me, her eyes scanning me up and down. “And I know it was a while since I said i’d visit you, but I told you not to come out to the shrine back then, didn’t I? I don’t need another bad girl coming around.”

“Bad girl? I’m sorry, I don’t..” I was feeling a little flustered.

Marisa patted me on the shoulder. “Ah, don’t sweat it. That just means Reimu likes ya.”

“So, are you going to tell me what you’re doing here?” Reimu said.

“I want to know who i’m supposed to be. And who you are,” I said.

Reimu raised an eyebrow, gazing down at me. “Who you’re supposed to be, huh.” We stared each other down.

She then closed her eyes and let out a small sigh, shrugging, and then turned around. Broom in hand, she began walking calmly towards the wooden shrine. “Let’s talk inside then.”

I followed behind her with Marisa tagging along beside me, going up a few stone steps and passing by a large wooden box in front. I followed their lead at the entranceway and took off my shoes, and Reimu led us to a room with a low square table surrounded by four cushions, the floor lined with straw mats. The room was altogether plain, my nose detecting the subtle hint of sandalwood and patchouli. I briefly wondered how I knew the name of those scents as I folded my legs into a sitting position to the right of Marisa. Reimu left the room, and I looked to the black-white girl in questioning.

“Ah, she’s just probably fixing us some tea, so sit tight,” she said, pulling out the bread rolls from her sack and setting them on the table. She then leaned back and stared off into space with a contented smile on her face, her head idly tilting side to side as she hummed softly.

I gazed down into my lap and thought about what I knew so far. Flandre Scarlet, who is a vampire, spent all her time in a basement, seems to know this girl Marisa and that shrine maiden Reimu. But if i’m a vampire, shouldn’t I have a problem with sunlight? How do I know that, anyway? Why do I seem to know and remember some things and not others?

I sighed quietly, my thoughts being interrupted by a cup of tea set in front of me. “Ah, thank you very much,” I said. Reimu walked over and set a cup of tea in front of Marisa, setting the last cup to my right and then sitting down herself in front of it. I had Marisa and Reimu to either side of me, and the tray Reimu set down in the center of the table had a pile of small oranges and some rice crackers.

Marisa pushed the rolls forward on the table. “Surprise! I got you some rolls.”

“Seriously? I asked you to get me some weeks ago,” said Reimu.

Marisa grinned. “That’s why it’s a surprise.”

Reimu rolled her eyes and brought her cup to her mouth for a sip. I did the same, blowing over the top first. I noticed her eyes on me as the taste of green tea flooded my mouth. “So what’s the deal now?” she said, the way she rested her head in her hand evoking casual disinterest.

Marisa spoke before I could. “Flan over here is having some memory problems. And it looks like she’s missing some hardware too.”

“Hardware?” Reimu and I said at the same time. Marisa just grinned back at us. “Ya know, the wings n’stuff.”

“Ah,” said Reimu. I had wings? I had a sudden feeling of absence on my back at that revelation. Reimu turned to look at me. “So, how did you get here then?”

“Well... I woke up in this clearing in a forest with no memories, and I met this loud ice fairy and a girl who looked similar to me, a fight broke out and this green-haired fairy named Daiyousei ended up dropping me off near the human village earlier, and I wandered around until I ran into Marisa.” I said. Reimu watched me patiently as I spoke. “Oh, and I got a meat bun from a travelling salesperson with rabbit ears.”

Marisa and Reimu exchanged a glance. “I see,” said Reimu.

“So whaddaya think, Reimu? Could this be a-” said Marisa, who was cut off by Reimu before she could finish. “It’s a bit too early to be calling it that, Marisa. Unless other people start popping up with the same problem, that is.”

Reimu sat up straight, and took a long slow slip from her cup. ”What i’m wondering, is if she knows about this.”

“ ‘She’, you mean the sister?” said Marisa.

“Yeah. They probably have the means to find her if she got loose. Meanwhile, this girl looks like Flandre Scarlet, but there’s no way to confirm that she actually is her without sniffing around over there. It could just be a coincidence.” Reimu then turned her head to look at me, Marisa following suit, scrutinizing me intently. 
