"... what?"

Not more than an hour ago, you'd set foot on a short hike through the forest. A forest nowhere near a mountain. And here you are, standing on the edge of a massive mountain ravine?

"The old guy never mentioned this..."

This is not how you thought you'd be spending your day.

At dinner last night you found yourself parked next to a talkative old man. The guy was clearly there to talk to anyone who would listen, and you don't mind catching an earful from a local when you're visiting a new place. By the time you finally stumbled back to your hotel he'd told you not only the nearby attractions, but the entire history of the town since he was a lad.

One thing in particular kept coming up, though - the nearby shrine. He was insistent on you seeing it. Every anecdote or story he told somehow came back to that shrine.

The hike up to it sounded interesting, so you decided to take that in as part of your vacation. You're not much of a believer in spirits and gods and that, but if the shrine was even half as wonderful as this guy said it was worth seeing. The two hour walk there and back wouldn't be a bad way to start the morning either, and after that, you could see some of the other more normal touristy things you had planned on.

Initially the trail was a bit difficult to follow. It clearly didn't get much use, much like the old man said. But after you got deeper into the forest the undergrowth stopped crowding it out and you were able to follow it easy enough. Stone markers guided you along most of the way.

After a while, though, you lost the markers, so you tried to backtrack. It was clear that you'd lost the trail, as the brush behind you was much thicker than you thought when you first passed through. Eventually, you thought you'd spotted a clearing through the thinning treeline, but... well, here you are - face to face with a several thousand foot drop that shouldn't be here in any reasonable world.

"Jeez!"

A stiff gust of wind from behind catches you by surprise as you're peering over the edge. You steady yourself fine, but that ravine suddenly seems much closer. That's... a long way down. You back up a bit to calm your nerves.

Is this a dream? It feels too real for that. The void calls, saying that you could confirm easy enough by taking a few dozen steps forward. You shake your head. You've been lost before. Nothing like this of course, because this is nonsense - but the principals are the same regardless. Don't panic. Stabilize your situation first, and worry about getting out later. All you really have is a light backpack with some snacks, a fair amount of water, your knife, and a compass.

Not ideal, but probably enough for today if you don't waste it. At least you thought to wear your boots before getting sucked into a temporal rift, or being blasted back in time, or being abducted by aliens, or...

...focus.

After gathering your courage, you get close up to the edge again. There doesn't seem to be an easy way down from here. You're pretty close to the top of this... mountain. Definitely a mountain. Why the hell are you on a...

... doesn't matter right now. Focus.

You're on some kind of ridge, and it looks like whatever brought you up here was cruel enough to put you above the steep part - the slope going down is a lot greater than the slope going up. Maybe you could get a better look up there? It's probably not more than a mile. Going up would be a waste of energy if you can't find a better way down, though. Maybe you should just cut back into the forest and see if the other direction is better.

It almost looks like a person moving around up top... but at this distance, it's hard to be sure. What else could it be, though?

"HELLO! OVER HERE! I NEED HELP!"

You muster the biggest voice you can, trying to get their attention. It certainly seems like they should be able to hear you, but the only answer you get back is a disturbingly loud echo. Strange acoustics here. You get the idea to use your compass to catch their eye and continue yelling.

After a few minutes of that, the figure moves behind the peak. Or in front of, maybe - it's hard to tell when they aren't silhouetted by the sky.

It's not clear that they heard you, so you do some scouting, but don't stray too far in case they are getting help.

A bit of scouting won't hurt if you can find something useful like the trail, but wandering too far probably isn't wise. If they noticed you, you want to be where you were seen. Not to mention that you're not even sure you can get there from here.

You scan the peak and the surroundings for a little bit longer, but don't really notice anything else interesting. Time for a bit of bushwhacking, then. Not wanting to get lost, you take out your compass and make a mental note to not get turned around or move too fast. You grab a walking stick too, for good measure.

The brush is thick, but once you get back from the cliff the trees provide enough shade to keep it manageable. Had you been paying attention earlier rather than just walking, you'd have notice that it's different than the stuff you had at the start of your walk. Not entirely different, so you're probably in the same geographic region, but not the same either.

Still no sign of the trail... or anything else useful. No water and not even a few berries or something to munch on. You scout for perhaps an hour, confirming that you are indeed on a relatively flat plateau of sorts, when a fog rolls in. Fog? You guess it's low clouds this high up. So much for the sun, you guess.

You take a seat on a nearby rock to reassess. This situation hasn't improved in the slightest. Not that it would have likely improved had you tried to bushwhack straight to the peak either, given these clouds.

"Seriously, what the hell!?"

Your frustration gets the best of you. This is completely stupid. Absurd! Completely---

"Seriously, what the hell!?"

"Jesus!"

Your heart starts pumping as you jump to your feet. Something like your voice echoes out from the mist, but... it's way too loud.

"Jesus!"

Instinctively, you grip your walking stick with both hands. This is not your day. Voices calling out from the mist while you're alone in a forest... what is this, a horror film now?

"Who's there!?" you demand, trying your best to not freak out completely.

It replies in your voice all the same. "Who's there!?" This time, though, it's close. WAY too close.

This isn't right. Nothing has been right since you ended up wherever this is, and now something is seriously trying to mess with you. You've got nowhere to back down to and a body full of adrenaline. The image of your knife flashes through your mind, but you're not sure you're hands would listen if you told them to stop gripping the stick.

"Come out!"

"Nope!"

Another response, and still fairly close. You sprint a bit in the direction of the sound, but... there's nothing there, and you saw nothing moving around as you ran up. Some kind of ghost? Demon? Slipping into hell seems a bit far-fetched, but you guess anything's possible.

"What do you want with me?"

"What do you want with me?"

The voice sounds a whole lot further out this time. You... don't go after it. No sense. Is it backing down? You can't tell with the visibility like this.

"Hello?", you call out one last time for good measure.

"Hello!"

Whatever the hell "it" is, it's back to sounding more like a strange echo than an immediate threat. You think you're safe from it for now, even if it's going to take your body a little while to calm down. Even if your head is still buzzing with "why?".

You're basically out of options at this point.

"Oof!"

Something smashes into you from behind. The brush bites into your face on the way down and you lose your stick in the process. When you try to roll over, something firm pins your shoulder down. A roll in the other direction fails as well as the weight on your shoulder shifts. Before you can try anything else, you feel something cold - and sharp - press against your neck.

"Don't move," A female voice, this time. "How did you get past our guards?"

"Is this a joke?" you practically scream, "Are you serious?"

She presses the blade firmly against your skin. There's no doubt that it's a blade now, and there's no doubt that this is a dangerous situation. "The Tengu wouldn't be so careless as to let a mere human wander by. How did you do it?"

"Hello! Is someone over there?"

Another female voice, this one almost friendly sounding, calls out from... well, you're not in much of a position to see where. Whoever has you pinned seems to notice it, too - you feel her shift her weight and move that horrible sword away.

In that instant, you let your desperation get the better of you, blade be damned.

"Over here! ---oof!"

The pressure on your back becomes almost crushing as it forces you into roughly into the ground, and the blade finds it's place at your neck again. By some miracle you do keep your head... at least for now. Whoever is out there responds cheerfully.

"Ok! I'm coming!"

"Calling for your friends?" Your assailant quietly states, "Well, that's fine. I'd have to find them anyway. Come on, up you go."

An arm grasps you around the chest and forces you back to your feet. She's strong. It takes almost no effort for her to get you up, even though her arms aren't burly by any means. At least they look like human arms and not some horrible demon arms.

Branches pop and leaves rustle as whoever you called out to makes their way closer. They're obviously not trying to be sneaky about it. Why would they? They don't have any reason to. They.... don't realize there's someone dangerous over here. Oh.

Well, you're not even sure what this person behind you wants. You're probably a bit cut up from the tackle, and you feel like some of the scratches might be bleeding, but you can't really check right now. But beyond that you'd be dead

"Hello?" The voice calls out again, much closer, "Are you over here?"

The arm around your chest squeezes a bit as your assailant leans in close. "Answer her."

"O-over here!"

Whoever it is, you hope they're as exceptional as the person behind you. Doesn't seem unlikely, considering what you've seen in the last few hours.

"Ok! Almost there!"

And sure enough, after a bit more twig snapping, she's there.

Definitely exceptional - exceptionally out of place, though she doesn't seem to be aware of it. Really, she'd look more at place in some kind of temple than out here. A long skirt isn't really mountain climbing material, much less. And she's got some kind of paper fan thing with her for no obvious reason. Weird hair doodads.

"Oh? There's two of you?"

She seems confused as to what she's managed to walk herself into. Not that you blame her. A weary smile creeps across your face. This is still absurd, but at least one of these two

"Oh, I think I get it!" She says, after thinking for a moment. "That's a youkai, isn't it? And you're being attacked, right?"

Youkai? I mean, you're being attacked, but a folk monster... well, you guess you were thinking demon before, so maybe she's coming from the same place. Before you can answer, your assailant pipes up.

"Not just 'a youkai', human. A Tengu!" She moves the blade a bit as if to make a point. "How did you and your friend make it past our watch unnoticed?"

"Hm? He's not my friend."

The tengu laughs. "You both got by undetected? At separate times? I find that hard to believe."

"Oh," the green-haired girl pipes up, "Well, we just moved our shrine here with magic! We probably didn't go past you."

"Morya shrine?" You blurt out, desperately trying to make sense of anything she's saying. She clearly recognizes that name.

Should have bitten your tongue. The iron grip around your chest pulls you tighter. "So, you DO know each other!"

"No. But, maybe... huh." The girl shakes her head. With a sudden fire in her eye, she points the paper fan over your shoulder. "Tengu, let go of him right now!"

This is starting to get dicey again. Not good.

"Hey, hold on a second!"

Your frustration rises up again. You don't understand what the girl's doing, but you can tell by her pose that it's not good, and you're already got a blade pushed up against your neck. You really don't want to be in the middle of this. There's no reason you should. It's absurd.

"Look, I don't know what's going on here," you continue, trying not to give much of a gap for them to interrupt, "but I think there's some kind of misunderstanding. I was just out for a walk to visit the Morya Shrine and somehow I ended up here. And I definitely don't know this person."

There's a laugh from behind you. Well, more like a snort than a laugh. "You were out for a walk and ended up on top of a mountain?"

"I'm absolutely serious," You say, "I don't get it either. I just want to figure out what's going on."

"That's probably our fault," the green-haired girl says, lowering her paper thing. "You were out for a walk in the forest by Morya Shrine, right? Maybe on the path coming from the edge of town?"

"Yeah," You say, not risking nodding with that blade so close, "One minute I'm walking along and the next I'm looking over a cliff."

"You were the one yelling for help?"

"He was," the tengu answers for you, "And you were who he was yelling to. Why didn't you answer?"

"Oh..." She frowns for a moment. "Haha. That would have been a good idea, wouldn't it?"

The tengu sighs. "You said you moved some kind of shrine to our mountain? Where is it?"

"Right over the peak," The girl says, "You should come see it sometime! But can I take him now? He's hurt."

The arm around your chest finally lets go, and the blade removes itself. A not-so-gentle shove sends you stumbling towards the girl, but you manage to keep yourself from falling. Finally. You rub the side of your head to check your wound from earlier, and... yeah, that's a little too red to be sweat.

"Here," The girl says, pulling a bit of cloth from somewhere inside that getup of hers. You wipe a bit of the blood off your face. "It's not too far, but can you walk?"

"I think---"

"We can just fly. I'll carry you both."

Turning around, you finally come face-to-face with the girl who tackled you earlier. It's not just the sword that she's got, but a shield on her back. And... those eyes aren't quite right. No, silver hair and red eyes and... a second set of ears?

"A monster?" You mutter in disbelief. That, or someone with an extremely realistic costume who claims to fly and just walked up a mountain. This is just way too real to be a dream, and shurly you'd have woken from it by now if it were.

"Tengu!" She yells, clearly displeased, her sword arm moving a bit. "I should cut you down for that!"

"I'm sorry!" You yell out, wanting to be nowhere near that blade. "I didn't mean it!"

"Flying?" The girl interrupts, "Oh, maybe I could...?"

The wind picks up a little, but it's... odd. The leaves around the girl are all moving, but in different directions and with far too much force. As if this day couldn't get any stranger, she slowly lifts off the ground and hovers a few feet above it, giggling.

A triumphant grin crosses her face. "I can carry myself, but could you carry... oh," She pauses again. "My name is Sanae! What's yours?"

You give your name. It's nothing special.

"And you?" She asks, turning to the mon---tengu.

"Momiji, of the Tengu."

Momiji steps closer. "Turn around. Like I said, I'll carry you. Walking would be too slow."

This is all moving too fast for your brain to handle. You do as told. Not that you'd really want to walk up the mountain anyway. With you pressed tightly into the tengu's chest by her iron grip, you feel your feet lose contact with the ground.

"Ok!" Sanae yells, rising a bit unsteadily, "Follow me!"

Momiji easily holds on to you as the three of you rise above the forest you were just in. You're... flying.

It's probably a good thing there's clouds, because you're not sure you could take seeing anything other than the whitish-grey void right now. Like this, it's almost peaceful - although the moist air you're flying through is a bit cold, and being held in a reverse hug isn't exactly comfortable. But, still, you can feel your mood improving.

Maybe you'll finally get to the bottom of this. This Sanae girl seems to know what's going on, this Momiji person... well, you think she's decided you aren't a threat by now, but you'll still have to be leery. You're still past their guards, whatever that means.

"Down here!" Sanae calls out, descending.

Sanae lands a bit fast, nearly falling over as she does. But your pilot sets you down with as much ease as she lifted you with.

"Thanks," You say, but Momiji hardly acknowledge you as she walks towards Sanae.

A massive set of torii greets you, two in total, and what looks like a half finished path. With the clouds as they are you can't really see any further than that.

"You moved this here?" Momiji asks.

"No," Sanae responds, "I only helped. Our shrine's god did the real work."

She then turns to you. "We should get your scratch cleaned so it doesn't get infected. Are you hungry? It's almost lunch time, too..."

You nod. Food. Shelter. This is great. It seems you've been found by a goddess. As you walk though, you notice that Momiji isn't following. Sanae either doesn't, or doesn't care.

"Anything you've got is great," You say. "Thank you so much!"

Sanae giggles. "The Morya shrine wouldn't let a lost hiker go hungry."

Though you're eager to get going, you feel a little uneasy with leaving someone who just held you hostage to their own devices. She came to see the shrine... but now she's just going to look? Seems odd. "What about her?"

You turn your gaze back to Momiji, who seems to be watching with a curious eye. She's clearly intent on watching you two walk away.

"Hey!" She calls out, "You're invited too, are you coming?"

The wolf girl snaps out of her thousand yard gaze and focuses on you two.

"Yes," she says, moving to catch up with you both, "I won't turn down your hospitality."

"Good! Oh," Sanae pauses, "But... I wonder what we have...?"

With Sanae lost in thought, the three of you pass silently beneath the torii. You're not sure if it's just the day getting to you, but you definitely feel... something as you do. A sort of weight on your chest, maybe - probably a bit of adrenaline coming back. You're sure that once the clouds are gone this will be one quite the place to see.

For now, though, the entrance doesn't even look complete. The two-and-a-half torii clearly aren't the end of this entryway. There's quite a few logs stacked nearby, some in the process of being cut, and the stone path leading in is missing a significant number of tiles where the ground isn't quite flat enough yet to support them.

"Well, we can start with tea." Sanae says after an inordinate amount of time. "Did you start towards our shrine this morning?"

You nod. "If this is the same Morya shrine, yeah. How did we end up in the mountains?"

You've definitely got a clearer head now. Things might be OK after all, even if this situation doesn't make sense. You can figure it out in time.

"We moved it here, like I said," Sanae says, "I, um... don't really understand how it all worked, so I'm not really sure why you came with it."

By now you can see two buildings coming into view. Big ones - presumably the shrine and the place where the staff stay. You wonder who else is staying there. If she doesn't understand how she moved this place up here, she probably didn't do it alone.

"Was it magic or something? Sorry, I still don't know what's going on here."

The building directly across from the torii is clearly the shrine itself. You can't say that the old man was lying - it really was worth seeing. You're not a spiritual person normally, but a real live god wouldn't be out of place in a shrine like this.

"It's not magic," She says, shaking her head, "I'm a priestess, not a magician, so... it's more like a miracle."

A miracle. "It's a miracle you found me in this fog, I think! And maybe a miracle I didn't waltz off a cliff earlier on accident."

"Those are small ones," She says, responding seriously to your half-joking suggestions. "But maybe they were related to the one that brought the shrine here. That was a miracle of 'safe travel to our new location'."

Sanae stops walking in the middle of the plaza between the two buildings. It seems like she's leading you up to the shrine itself, not the quarters to the side.

"Welcome to the Morya shrine!" She says, with pride. "You two are our first visitors, but we'll be having many more in the future. Excuse me for a minute."

She walks up to the shrine and kneels in front of it, presumably in prayer. You do the same. A priestess serves her gods, and you've seen enough today that you're able to believe that it's literally true for her. This is their house, so it's best to show some respect.

... not that you're sure what to pray for. Some sanity, maybe? Making it home and out of this bizarro land safely?

"OK, let's---" Sanae interrupts, surprised to see you beside her "Thank you! And now you're the first person to pray here."

You stand. Momiji just watches silently from behind you two, uninterested. Maybe she's a little more willing to risk wrath than you are.

"Over here," Sanae says, walking towards the side building. "This is where I live. Let me get the tea started."

The three of you enter. Despite the outside, it's actually quite modest on the inside. The rooms don't feel too large and there isn't much decoration. You guess a lot of it must just be general storage, or maybe it did have more staff at one point.

Sanae motions for you both to enter a room with a low table. "I'll be right back."

Both you and Momiji have really just been following Sanae around for this entire time. Now that she's gone, you both look at the table. Then to each other. It's not exactly a friendly look.

Well, friendly or not, it doesn't matter too much. She's not going to attack you here you don't think. And although you're still sore from earlier. You make your way over to the table and take a seat. That's what it's here for, and you've got no intention of leaving.

"This place is something, huh?" You ask Momiji, who follows not too far behind you.

"I won't comment on it," Momiji says, quietly, "As this is a sacred place. But the top of the mountain was bare for a reason."

"Where am I anyway?" You ask, "I get that I'm on your land or something, but I don't really understand."

"You are on the top of Youkai Mountain, Kingdom of the Tengu," She says, "The mountain itself and the surrounds are in a land called Gensokyo."

"Gensokyo?"

"A place where youkai and humans coexist," She says, "From what I understand, that's not true in the outside world."

Something clicks in your mind. That... actually makes sense. Not that getting here makes any sense, but the idea of this not being the world you knew makes sense. "So it's not a dream then?"

Momiji smirks. "No. Not that you could trust my answer if it were."

"True," you say, leaning back a bit to stretch. "Huh. You said coexist?"

"We coexist with the humans here," She says, "But outsiders are fair game."

"What about trespassers? And what do you mean by 'fair game'"

"We remove them from the mountain," She says, "By force, if needed. As for fair game... well, we are free to do what we like. For you, we'd have a short trial and likely execute you. You'd be deemed too weak to survive if you were placed at the foot of the mountain, so we'd spare you the trouble."

Execute? Your eyes go wide, not expecting to hear that. She laughs in response.

"Don't worry, you're under the shrine maiden's protection for now. We wouldn't be as brazen as to remove you from a temple without good reason."

"That's... good," you say, still a bit unsettled "I guess. But why'd you let me go and carry me here?"

She shrugs. "Convenience. It wasn't worth fighting her to keep you, and it made scouting this shrine easy."

"I see."

Seems reasonable enough. If you need to get into a place, best to let the person there open the door and show you around. You're not sure she has bad intentions, but you can definitely tell that this shrine being here is going to lead to some friction at the very least.

The two of you pass the time with a bit more idle chat. The current day doesn't seem to have been changed when you entered this Gensokyo place. The mountain itself has the tengu living near the middle, with a large stream running down the west side - and you guess the waterfall is something to see. She also seems very interested in your compass, for whatever reason.

Eventually, the entryway slides open. It's Sanae with the tea.

"Sorry that took so long! I forgot where I put the tea in all those boxes..."

"Boxes?"

She laughs. "Well, we were moving after all. But I guess I didn't really need to use the boxes in the end."

You sip the tea. It's... actually really good.

"Thank you. This is delicious."

Sanae seems satisfied with your response. "I'm glad you like it! It's one of my favorites."

You can't remember the last time your tea was this good, though you suppose that all the excitement earlier has helped with that.

"So, Momiji, right?" Sanae asks her other guest, "You said there are other tengu on this mountain?"

"Many," She responds, "Why?"

"Well," Sanae says, "We were hoping there'd be humans, but if there's a lot of tengu... there's probably not, right?"

"If you wanted humans, you should have placed your shrine near the village."

Sanae looks a bit glum at that, but only for a moment. She sips her tea, as does Momiji. 

You can't really help smiling at that. What an odd girl.

"So it's just you, then?"

"I'm the only priestess here, if that's what you mean," she says, "This shrine only has one at a time."

Sip. "That seems tough. Did you go to school and all that too?"

She laughs. "It wasn't tough to do both because not many people visited. There isn't much faith in old gods in our world, so not many people visit old shrines like this one."

"Our world, huh?"

For a moment, you'd forgotten that fact. This setting was so perfectly natural that your current situation had slipped your mind. But, even if she and you are from the same world, you're absolutely certain you couldn't fly like she could or any of that. Maybe you're the abnormal one here. No, you definitely are.

"Were you always able to fly?"

Again, she laughs. "No, no. But this is Gensokyo, so common sense doesn't apply here." she pauses for a moment to take another sip of tea. "...at least, that's what Lady Kanako keeps telling me. I didn't think it would work by just trying."

"Lady Kanako?"

"The god of this shrine."

As if on cue, you hear a large rumble from outside some place. You turn to look, but as there's no windows it doesn't help much.

"Oh," Sanae says, "Sorry. We're still finishing the shrine grounds, that's why the entrance looked the way it did. It might be noisy for a while."

"So that was..."

She nods. "I'll have to help after we get you fed. After that, we can figure out what you want to do. More?"

Sanae pours you another cup of tea. "Ah, right, you mentioned something about that. So you think you brought me over with the shrine?"

"No, that's definitely what happened," She says, "The miracles we used to bring the shrine here somehow grabbed you rather than most of the entrance to the grounds."

You laugh. It's absurd, but... something about common sense not applying. Fine. Sure. You'll accept that. It's an answer, and anything is good right about now. "Seriously?"

"We wondered what went wrong, but that has to be it. We didn't count on people visiting at such a weird time. More?"

Momiji nods. "Yes, thank you." She's been quiet, but she seems interested in all this.

Sanae and you chat about nothing in particular for a while. She's curious in what kind of travelling you were doing that brought you to the shrine in the first place, so you fill her in. Just a vacation. It's extremely mundane compared to her story, but she listens intently.

After a while, Sanae steps out for a bit leaving you and Momiji alone. She'd put some rice on with the tea, and you guess it's almost done.

The two of you glance at each other again, but it's quite a bit less harsh this time.

"She's an excellent host, isn't she?"

"Yes."

Not a word more is exchanged between you two before Sanae returns with lunch. It's simple - onigiri and miso soup - but it really hits the spot. Mostly, you all eat in silence.

After the meal, Sanae pipes up. "Feeling better?"

"Much."

"After I clean up," She says, gathering the dishes, "We can talk about getting you home."

"Thanks."

Sanae leaves, taking the dishes with her... and leaving you with Momiji again. Although, after about a minute or so, Momiji stands up. You look to her, curious.

"I'm leaving," She says, sensing your question. "I've been gone long enough."

"Maybe I'll see you around."

"Hope that if you do, it's near this shrine." She says, flatly. "You might not live if it's anywhere else."

Oddly enough, it doesn't sound much like a threat. Just a warning. You give a nod in response. At least it sounds like you'll be safe from her and whoever the rest of the Tengu are up here.

"Right." You say, "See ya."

Without another word, she heads out through the door. Now it's just you, alone with your thoughts. Not that they're useful ones. It's mostly just buzzing what-ifs and speculation and trains of thought that don't make any sense. Tiring morning, but you managed to find safety. And, in the end, you guess that's what matters.

You rest your eyes for a moment... or a few. The scratch you took - and it was just a scratch - still stings. Your body still aches from being handled like you were.

After a while, you start to hear conversation coming from the hall. Two people, you think. Sanae, and... someone else. Not wanting to be rude, you try not to pay too much attention to it. After the conversation ends, the door slides open.

"Oh, were you taking a nap?"

Your eyes open up to see Sanae standing in the doorway.

"No," you say, "Just resting."

"Could you come with me?" She asks, "There's someone else who wants to meet you."

The second voice, perhaps? You stand with a bit of effort. "Sure. Where are we going?"

"Just outside."

"By the way," You say, as you leave, "Did Momiji let you know she was leaving?"

Sanae nods. "She was very polite about it. But I kind of worry about what the Tengu might think of this place. Momiji didn't sound happy about us moving up here."

It occurs to you that she wasn't around for most of your conversation with her. You'll have to fill the shrine maiden in later.

Sanae leads you outside. By now the clouds have passed again, leaving you with a spectacular view of the sky and the whole grounds. The shrine itself looks so much more impressive like this. While you were eating, it seems like a few more torii appeared, as well.

"Over here."

A short walk takes the two of you to the front of the shrine. Again, Sanae kneels in prayer, and again, you join her - but only because it seems appropriate.

A booming laugh, followed by a huge voice fills the air. "Do you really think I can't tell? Put your heart into it!"

Startled, you leap to your feet and look around. Eventually your eyes track skyward, and only then do you see the source of the sound. There's a figure floating there in a sitting pose, several dozen feet in the air, with the sun at it's back. The presence is overwhelming.There is no doubt in your mind that this is the god of this shrine.

Almost on instinct, you drop to your knees again. A god. And you've maybe made it angry.

"Fear is good," The voice booms again, seemingly drawing closer. "But surely, you've got more than that?"

This is absolutely a god. Does this day never end?

Sanae speaks up from next to you. "Lady Kanako, don't you think that's too much?"

Another laugh. This one sounds a bit less like the heavens themselves are laughing, and more like a genuine laugh from a person. "Maybe. But I haven't gotten to do that in a while, and I couldn't help myself. You."

You raise your head. It's a woman clothed in red with a slightly stern look on her face.

"Do you realize how much trouble you've caused?" 

Caught off guard by the question, the response almost spills out of your mouth. "Trouble?"

Kanako's intense gaze is unwavering, but you try your best to not shrink from it.

"Moving a shrine is delicate work," She says, "And you disturbed it. Why didn't you use the main entrance?"

The old man said nothing about that. "There was a---"

She cuts you off.

"As a result, we'll have to spend a day or two getting the grounds back into shape. Troublesome. And what do you plan to do with yourself?"

"I---"

She continues. "This is Gensokyo. There's really no place for a normal human like you to go and remain safe. Even in the human village, as an outsider you'd likely be eaten before too long. So, not only did you have to be rescued, but you'll be staying here in the meantime. More trouble for poor Sanae."

"It's really no trouble," Sanae says, quietly.

"Well?" Kanako says, her overbearing gaze still locked on yours, "Do you get it now?"

"I do. I'll try not to cause any more."

You could make some excuses, but what she said is true - it's trouble, excuses or not. And talking back probably isn't the best option.

"Good," She says, her gaze softening a bit as she hovers closer to the ground, "Then, I'm sure you'll have no qualms about providing appropriate compensation for all this."

"I'm... not sure what you mean," You say, "I don't have much money on me."

Kanako laughs. "Outside money is no good here, anyway. No, the only thing we need is faith... and perhaps a bit of manual labor. This is a shrine, after all. Sanae, do you think you can work with this man?"

"Work with... oh, you mean, to start gathering faith?" Sanae looks to you. "I think so. But why?"

"Imagine," Kanako says, looking you over, "An outsider travelling with a priestess. Gensokyo is a hostile place, and everyone here knows this - but the traveller is completely unafraid because of the power of his faith. Or at the very least, completely safe, because of the power of the head priestess."

She turns to you. "Can you do that?"

This has taken a strange turn. "Well, I'm not sure if---"

"Let me rephrase. Can you at least fake it?" With a completely straight face, she adds "It's pure marketing. It doesn't have to be real, just convincing."

What kind of god is this? Saying that with such a straight face is a bit much.

"I think I can do that," you say, not really having the spine to refuse.

"Good," Kanako says, "Starting now, you're an assistant priest of the Morya shrine. I still have your mess to clean up, so Sanae will fill you in on the rest and find you some appropriate clothes."

Without so much as another word, she floats back up into the sky. You have to look away as she rises near the sun - and by the time you look back, she's nowhere in sight. You just stare upwards, bewildered.

"So that's what she had in mind," Sanae says from behind you. "I can never tell what she's thinking..."

Broken from your spell, you finally stand up. "So that was this shrine's god?"

"And your god too," she says, giggling, "Oh, that makes me your boss now, doesn't it?" 

Well, you suppose there's no use complaining. Whatever "it" is, you guess it's fine. Paying what you owe isn't unreasonable. You'll go with it for now.

"So, Boss, what else did I need to know?"

"Right," She says, "Well, we don't have any idea how to get you home. So you'll be here a while probably."

"Oh."

"But, we'll figure it out. Even if we did figure it out now, we need faith to do anything like that. Is it ok to talk now, or is this too much for one day?"

You shrug. "To be honest, it's probably too much. But if I'm going to be here a while you can fill me in again later."

She nods. "I guess that's true. Well, let's take a seat. Have you seen the view yet?"

"I haven't", you say, following her... apparently, around to the back of the shrine. "Oh. Wow."

This shrine really is far up. You're not quite at the tip top of the mountain, but you're far enough to see well into the distance. There's... a whole lot of trees, and a bit of cleared land far in the distance.

"It's a lot different than the forest," She says, "But it's really beautiful. I just hope that that Momiji person wasn't right about this being a bad spot."

"Honestly," You say, taking a seat on the shrine building next to her. "I think people would come up just to see it."

"People did that at our old spot, too," She says, "But - oh, right. Faith. The history of the shrine is important too, and... well, your duties, and... hmm."

She gathers her thoughts for a minute. "Do you absolutely believe in Lady Kanako? That she can get you home safely?"

It's an odd question, but there's no real doubt in your mind currently. "If she can move me here, she can move me back. ...even if the first time was an accident."

Sanae smiles. "Right. A god's power stems from that. If they don't have faith, they have no power. Does that make sense?"

"I think so."

"So," She continues, "You can probably see why we had to move here then. We could barely get by in the outside world, because there's not much faith."

You process that for a second. "Right. The person who told me about this place was pretty sad that no one visited much any more. Even then, it was probably just tourists like me. I didn't see the front entrance, but that side one was pretty unused."

"The Morya shrine has been around for many generations," She says, "And females in my family have cared for it for all of them. But, lately, people just haven't been visiting. Lady Kanako thinks we can gather a lot more faith here, enough that it was worth moving."

You gaze out onto the landscape. "She'd need a lot of faith to even appear like that in the outside world, right? If I'm getting this faith thing correct."

Sanae nods. "People here have faith in general. It wouldn't be odd for a god to appear, so she can do it."

"But teleporting someone might be harder."

Again, she nods. "Right. Or doing things people normally need, like ensuring safe travel or making their crops grow better."

You lean back on your elbows. "Sounds complicated."

"Well," She says, "You really only need to know the basics. Unless you want to become a full time priest?"

"Hmm, we'll see," you say, "My life wasn't too bad."

"I was just joking," She says, laughing a bit. "I'm not sure you could be a real one, anyway."

The two of you gaze out for a bit, with you mainly just listening to the wind. You can't say you get it entirely, but the whole thing is just kind of a mess in your head right now so you don't know what questions to even ask. Maybe something simple.

"So - it's just Lady Kanako and you, right?"

"Right."

"How did the shrine get it's name?"

"Long ago," She says, "It was a shrine to a different god, but now it's not. Kanako didn't want to change the name because she thought it would be confusing."

"Huh."

"When she's not working," Sanae says, "you can ask her the whole story. She's usually not as scary as she was today. We really were hoping to move the entire shrine, but because we got you too we only got most of it."

Working. Right, like you'll be doing soon. "So we'll be going door-to-door, basically?"

"I think so," She says, "But mainly to meet everyone. We don't know what people need yet, and getting people what they need is the best way to gather faith. We'll want to convince them to come up to leave an offering, too. Though, if this is on a youkai infested mountain, that might be hard..."

"Well," you say, "It sounds like we're going to have to play it by ear."

She nods. "Oh, but I'll have to put together something for you to wear, too."

"You don't think I'd look very assistant priestly with this t-shirt?"

"No," She says, laughing, "Fortunately, I'm good at sewing too, so I can probably do it today. Let's go inside so I can measure you."

The two of you walk back around the shrine and towards the living quarters. The two buildings form a square in the center. If you're facing the shrine, the peak and the living quarters are to the right and the entrance to the bottom. The quarters and the shrine don't quite touch, and you notice a path heading off behind them.

"What's back there?" you ask, motioning to the path.

"That's the pond," She says, "It's part of the shrine, too, so you should go see it when you get the chance."

Getting your measurements taken is... rather uneventful, if just a bit awkward. She wasn't kidding when she said she was good at this. Afterwards, she turns to you.

"Well, I guess I'll be busy for a while," She says, "So you can take a break, assistant. Don't wander too far, ok?"

"Anything that needs done? Not to turn down break time, but I feel like moving a bit."

She thinks for a moment. "Well, everything we had in storage did get a bit jostled when we moved. Kanako might need some help, too, even if that sounds weird." 

"I think I'll see what Kanako is up to."

Sanae nods. "I'll see you later then."

You leave her to... well, whatever it is that goes into making a religious outfit, and head outside.

It doesn't take you too long to cross the shrine grounds and end up near the entrance. You can see that progress is being made - there's another row of torii up, and the path seems like it's getting more tile laid, but there's still a lot to go. Although... right now, you don't see anything going on. There's a large pile of tile nearby Hmm.

"Hello?"

Maybe she's not here? You scan the horizon, but all you see is a trio of massive logs hurling themselves up the mountainside from the forest you were in earlier.

... wait, what? You instinctively duck for cover behind one of the nearby torii - not that it would help much, you suppose.

All three continue sailing up what would be the side of the mountain were you not at the top. They launch high into the air far above your head. Two of them land upright, embedding themselves in the ground with a loud THUD. The third lands nearby, but much more softly.

Ah. It takes you a second to see, but the two upright ones are perfectly lined up with the rest of the torii here. A look skyward does eventually yield sight of the god responsible for this - because who but a god could hurl logs like that? She doesn't seem to have noticed you yet, or perhaps doesn't care. Either way, she looks focused, so you decide not to interrupt.

The wind picks up. And up. Soon, it's difficult for you to stand. Near the fresh logs, though, the wind is downright violent. The bark on the fresh logs soon succumbs, leaving them bare. You eventually lose sight of them after a large cloud of reddish dust whips up.

Eventually, the storm subsides... leaving a fresh torii in its wake. The god responsible lowers herself from the sky, settling down on it like a bird might settle on a nice branch. She looks at you from her perch.

"Do you need something?" She asks, flatly.

You move closer to the new torii. It's indistinguishable from the others here now, even if it was just logs a few minutes ago. You hesitate for a moment. "I, uh... Sanae said you might need some help."

After seeing that display, you're starting to think Sanae was just trying to set you up. What could you possibly offer that could compete with that?

"Hmm."

Kanako remains silent for a few moments, looking straight at you. Eventually, she looks towards some of the tiles nearby.

"Those need to be laid."

You look to the tile, and then to the remaining bits of the path. You'd be laying the tiles in holes as it currently is. And you don't notice any sort of tools nearby.

Kanako laughs. "This will go much faster if the tiles are mostly in the right place. Don't worry about making it look nice - I'll take care of that later."

"I... see," you say, looking back to the tiles. Not that you do, or why it would be easier to level the ground after placing the tiles on top of it.

"Don't be shy, boy. A question you don't ask is one that won't be answered."

You spin around. When you weren't looking, she moved to being right behind you - still floating, but only slightly above the ground. Up close, she doesn't look that different from a human.

"Some gods use fear to keep followers," She says, putting on a faint smile, "But I'm not one of those. As long as you're respectful I won't bite."

You nod. "Sorry. I'll need some time to get used to this."

She seems to accept that. "I suppose it does take time. Now, did you have a question?"

"Right," You say, "It seems backwards to lay the tiles before levelling the ground. I'm wondering why it's easier to do it that way."

"Humans are better with human-scale problems," She says, "And moving tiles is one of those. I can level the ground just fine even if there are tiles sitting on it. I want this finished by tomorrow morning, so splitting the work in any way possible is ideal, especially since Sanae is preoccupied."

"That makes sense," You say, eyeing the pile again. "Do we have a wheelbarrow or anything? I don't think I'd get very many moved with just my hands."

"There's one off to the side of the living quarters."

"Got it."

You head off and find the wheelbarrow easily enough. By the time you get back, Kanako has gone off somewhere, so you get to work.

It's not too long in that you find yourself wishing you had some gloves. The tiles are heavy and not entirely smooth. Although they're a bit thick you don't think dropping them would be wise, either, so you have to manually set them down.

Eventually though you get a good system down. The temperature's good, there's a nice breeze all the way up here, and you don't feel too bad about taking a quick break to rest your back and your knees. Tile after tile is laid by your hand. Although it didn't feel like it at first, you are making clear progress, and you should be able to get a lot of these moved tonight.

Originally, you thought this all might make a good story for when you made it back home, but no one is going to believe you in the end. For now you'll just focus on serving your new religion well.

... you work, uninterrupted, until the sun starts to fade. While you're taking a break you hear Sanae call out your name.

"Are you hungry? I've got some dinner ready!"

"I'll be right over," You call back. You're not quite finished yet, but you're probably not going to get this finished tonight anyway. A good day's work regardless.

By now the sun has all but vanished, and the insects and frogs are starting to get vocal.

Frogs? Ah, maybe from that pond Sanae mentioned earlier. You can't say it sounds out of place, even all the way up on a mountain.

The smell of dinner greets you as you enter the quarters. At the table, you find Kanako seated and Sanae still shuffling dishes. Kanako notices you first.

"Yo."

Yo? Is this the same person? Sanae notices you too and waves, and you smile back to both of them.

"Hey," you respond, caught a bit off guard by the scene. She almost seems like a peer when seated like that, rather than the divine being you met earlier.

"Good work out there," Kanako says, as you make your way to the currently empty place at the table. "We should be ready to open tomorrow afternoon."

"It's looking a lot better than it was, even if it isn't done yet."

"Your outfit is ready for tomorrow, too," Sanae says, looking to you, "It came out pretty well I think. Do you think you could try it on later?"

You nod. "Sure."

Kanako and Sanae discuss their plans for tomorrow as you satisfy your hunger. The meal itself is simple, but delicious - you can tell that Sanae has been making stuff like this for a while.

As for the plan, it seems they want to split the work - Kanako finishing up the remainder of the shrine as Sanae and you head further down the mountain to continue scouting it out. You'll be out of tile duty and on priest duty, although you do have one concern with their plan as they're talking through it.

"Isn't this going to take a long time? We're fairly high up here."

"Oh," Sanae says, "We'll just fly."

"He means he can't fly," Kanako speaks up, "Isn't that right?"

"That's right," You say... but then, you hesitate. "At least, I don't think so."

"You can't," Kanako says, bluntly. "Sanae here has divine blood, but you're as normal as they come. Well, mostly."

Hearing that decree kills any hope you had for super powers. "Divine blood, huh?"

Sanae doesn't offer a response, and just smiles instead. "I wonder if I could just carry you? I think it might be OK if you got on my back. I should just need more wind to keep us both up."

"Yeah," You say, "Maybe that could work."

"It would be good to train more anyway," Kanako says with a stern look on her face. "If you're away from the shrine, there's no telling what creatures you'll meet. You probably end up fighting a few of them."

Sanae nods. "I was going to practice more after dinner. Could you help?"

"A god not helping her shrine maiden? Ridiculous. Of course I will." Kanako says, smiling. "There's a few house rules that I'll need to teach you as well. The stronger locals use then when battling."

"Hmm, sounds like we'll be busy, then," Sanae says, turning to you. "Could I ask you to help cleaning this all up?"

"Sure, I don't mind."

"Thank you! You're such a help."

You laugh. "Least I can do if I'm going to be freeloading for a while."

"I know we didn't draw up a proper contract," Kanako says, playfully, "but room and board is included with the position. Don't worry too much about it, ok?"

"Well," You say, looking around to the various now empty dishes, "How about I try on my new outfit first, then you two can do what you need to?"

"That makes sense," Sanae says, turning to Kanako, "I should probably show him around the quarters as well. I'll meet you out front of the shrine when I'm ready, ok?"

Kanako nods. "I have a few other things to take care of first, anyway. But don't take too long."

As promised, you're shown around. In addition to the kitchen, entryway, and eating area that you already knew about there's a half dozen side rooms and a large storage area to the rear. You're not sure why one person would need so many rooms, but it ends up being convenient. Sanae's already prepared one of them for your use.

"Come out when you're changed, ok?" She says, "I'll wait out here."

"Will do."

You step inside and slide the wooden door shut. The quarters are simple, but what more do you need than a futon and a little bit of space? It's not like you came here with much more than the clothes on your back and you're---

Tch. All that stuff that you left behind in the hurry this morning. Well, most of it would be redundant now anyway. You've still got your knife and compass, but all those snacks... oh well. If you ever start craving some junk food maybe you can try to find your pack later.

The garment you're expected to wear is folded neatly on the futon. It's in the same blue and white as Sanae's outfit. As you unfold it, though, you quickly realize something - this isn't like any kind of shirt or trousers you've ever worn. It's a collection of shirts and belts... and you're not exactly sure how to put this all on, being the tourist you are.

You spend a few moments staring at the collection of various things. This... yeah, you're not even going to try. You head back to the doorway and slide it open.

"I think I need some help."

Sanae looks at you for a moment, then laughs. "Oh, you've never worn a kimono before?"

You shake your head. "Nope. Looks complicated, though."

"It's not that bad," She says, smiling, "Come on, I'll show you."

The two of you re-enter the room.

"Could you, um, strip down? Just to your underwear?" She asks, a bit sheepishly. "I won't be able to tell if it fits if you wear it over your clothes."

It looked light enough that you would have definitely messed that part up. "Hm? Sure."

You do as told, tossing most of your clothes into a pile off to the side. "Now what?"

"P-please turn around," she says, blushing a bit, "And spread your arms."

Again, you do as told. It's difficult to stop yourself from teasing her a bit, but you manage somehow.

"This one goes on first," She says, as you feel some smooth cloth slide over your arms. The white one goes underneath, and the colorful one on top, then. It's a much nicer material than what you'd been wearing. "Then, we tie it with this."

The sash takes some care, it seems, but it doesn't seem too difficult. Probably harder if you need to do it yourself - you'll have to take some time to practice if you'll be wearing this every day.

The coat goes on next, then the second, wider sash. The overcoat is in a similar pattern to Sanae's clothing - two wide, blue patterned bars while mostly being white. There's a little frog pin, too.

It feels a little casual, but it's definitely a step up from what you showed up in. You imagine this will fit in better, too.

"So," She finally asks, after finishing the knot on the final sash, "How does it feel?"

You move your arms and legs a bit, and finally turn back around to face her. "Feels pretty good. You put this together in a day?"

She smiles. "I would have gotten fancy with it if I had longer. After seeing it on you though I think this looks pretty good."

"Me too," You say, laughing a bit. "I could see someone who works here wearing this."

"You do work here," She says with a grin, "And don't forget it! Just kidding... kinda."

The two of you share a laugh at that. "Sure thing, boss."

"Well," She says, with a pleased smile on her face. "I'm satisfied. If you don't mind, could you wear that for a while and make sure it holds up ok? We're going to be out for a while tomorrow, and I wouldn't want it coming apart."

You nod. "I'll let you know if anything's wrong. I'm sure it's fine."

The two of you head back out into the hall as you talk.

"Well, the bath is down the hall," She says, pointing to a far door, "Kanako's training is usually pretty harsh, so I probably won't see you until tomorrow morning. It's ok if I wake you, right?"

"If I don't get up right away, give me a good shake," You say, nodding. "I can sleep pretty soundly sometimes."

She smiles. "Ok. Good night."

"'Night."

After bidding her farewell for the evening, you do a quick tidying of your heap-o-clothes that you dropped earlier. This garment is pretty easy to move in, too. You should have no trouble tomorrow.

By now, the sunlight filtering down the hall has all but vanished - leaving you with artificial lights. Although... they're electric. Strange. You'll chalk that up as another question to ask later.

Now, to decide how to spend the evening. 

You think about it as you take care of the remains of the earlier meal. Watching a god and her priestess train isn't something you can do every day - or couldn't, anyway. It could prove interesting.

By the time you finish cleaning the sun has completely disappeared leaving a bright moon in the sky. You have no trouble seeing where you're walking.

A bright burst of light in the sky catches you by surprise. Fireworks? No, "training", you guess, as you can clearly make those two out based on their silhouettes. They either haven't noticed you or don't care, so you find a nice part of the shrine to sit on for a while and resolve yourself to watching.

Occasionally you hear them call out to one another, but from your position on the ground it's difficult to hear what they're saying. It's difficult to even tell what they're doing, but as time goes on the bursts of light get more complex. You start to notice beams of light and speed changes rather than just simple points of light bursting out. Patterns eventually emerge - stars, swirls, rings - and it's really quite beautiful.

The two eventually start to move around a bit. Before the points of light had been mostly originating above someone and veering off into the sky, but now they appear to be originating close to them and flying at the other person. Some kind of game? Both seem to be trying not to get hit.

After a bit, though, the lights stop and they both descend towards the shrine grounds.

"Good, good," You hear Kanako call out, "Sharp as ever. You seem to have a knack for this, and you'll get more stamina as you practice."

"Really?" Sanae asks, "It seems pretty simple, though..."

Kanako laughs, looking in your direction. "If it was simple, even someone like him could do it. By the way, that new outfit looks good on you."

Sanae turns around. "Oh! How long have you been here?"

"For a while," You say, shrugging. "I didn't want to interrupt... well, whatever that was."

"Just a bit of self defense training," Kanako says, "Not that we're done yet. If you see something like that aimed at you, I'd suggest you run and hide."

Huh. So the goal must really have been to not get hit after all. "So, what happens if you get hit? If you don't mind me asking."

"It stings a bit, then you go numb around the spot you got hit," Sanae says with a weak laugh, "That's why we had to take a break. I can't really feel my arms right now."

"If you kept them closer to your body when dodging," Kanako says sternly, "That wouldn't be a problem. There's no point flailing them around."

With a serious expression on her face, Sanae quickly nods. "Right. Keep the 'hitbox' small."

"And while we're on the subject..."

Kanako rattles off a whole laundry list of seemingly minor points. Go faster, but not too fast. Have a variety of patterns, but not too varied that you can't execute them effectively. And on, and on. It sounds like serious business, but for you it's mostly in one ear and out the other. 'Run and hide' definitely seems like the best option.

Sanae offers no real rebuttle to any of it, taking her lashings like a pro. After a few minutes, Kanako seems satisfied.

"... but, that was still quite good. Are you ready to go again?"

Sanae again gives a firm nod, clearly having found some resolve after that speech. "I am. I'll land a hit on you this time for sure!"

The two return to the sky, and you return to watching. By the third or fourth round, though, you can feel your eyelids start to droop and your attention waver. The next time they land, you decide to call it quits for now.

"Good luck," You say, to the now much more exhausted Sanae. Kanako herself seems entirely unfazed by all this. "I'll see you both tomorrow."

Sanae nods, still catching her breath. She's got this much harder than you do, in a way - you'll have to make sure to keep pulling your weight around here. Kanako barely acknowledges you. You feel a bit guilty leaving before the people doing the actual work, but you're going to want to be well rested if you do have to sprint somewhere.

It doesn't take you long to fall asleep.

Waking up in an unfamiliar place is always a strange feeling, and this is no different. It takes you a few seconds to remember why you're sleeping in a futon in a traditional room.

"... guess it wasn't a dream, then."

You roll out of bed and dress yourself, though it does take a bit of effort to get it looking correct. At least, you hope it's correct - there isn't exactly a mirror in here or anything.

Ready to start the day, you head out of your room and roam a bit. One of the doors you pass by is cracked open a bit, so you really can't help taking a glance inside. You can just make out a crumple of sheets in the darkened room - probably Sanae. You decide not to wake her.

The dining area and kitchen are just as you left it, suggesting that maybe you're the first one up. For kicks, you head outside for a bit. It's a bit past dawn, though aside from the sun being relatively low in the sky you can't tell much more than that. At least those two aren't still training.

Guess you should do something while you wait.

It's always worth starting the day off with a good breakfast, so you may as well take this time to learn your way around the kitchen. Sanae's a great cook, but you'd feel bad if she was cooking for you all the time. It sounds like she's going to be doing most of the real work, anyway.

You decide to go for something simple. After scouting the pantry and fridge/freezers, you decide on grilled fish, some rice, and a few sides. The sheer quantity of food in the place surprises you, though. There's enough that even with three of you, you could probably last two or three months.

Three portions, you suppose? Well, no. Maybe you'd better ask first. You head back into the bedrooms and give a light knock on the frame to Sanae's room.

"Hey, do you want breakfast?"

"Mmmmye..."

That sounded vaguely like a yes. "Alright. It'll be ready in a bit."

There's a bit of movement, but other than that you get no response. That's two.

You don't see Kanako when you poke your head outside. Heading over to the shrine doesn't really yield anything, either. It almost feels wrong to start yelling on the grounds of a shrine, so you offer a quick prayer mentioning breakfast as an afterthought.

Back in the kitchen, you decide that cooking for three is probably fine. You're actually pretty hungry, so if it came to it you could eat for two.

The stove, as it turns out, is electric. Just like everything else around here. Yet another mystery to solve when you get the chance.

By the time you make it to getting the fish ready, you feel a stare on your back. Turning around, though, yields nothing. The feeling is uncanny, though, and haunts you through the rest of the preparation.

With everything finished, you go to set it out. Sanae's already at the table... but only just barely. Her hair is all over the place and she's in some frog-print pyjamas. Quite a different presentation than you saw yesterday.

"Rough night?"

She nods a bit, eyes shut.

"I didn't wake you, did I?"

"Wanted to get up soon anyway," She mumbles, "It's fine. Ow."

Rubbing her shoulder with one hand, she takes the dishes from you with the other.

"I made some for Kanako too," You say, "But I wasn't sure how to find her. I didn't see her outside."

Sanae rubs her temples. "Mmm... she'll be here in a minute."

"Great."

You head to the kitchen for another load of dishes. By the time you get back with the third, Kanako's sitting in her usual spot.

Kanako nods at you as you enter. "Yo." It's a low-energy yo. Do even gods needs sleep?

"Well," You say, finally taking your seat. "Dig in. I hope everything turned out alright."

Kanako laughs a bit. "You don't sound so sure."

"It's always hard to use a new kitchen," You say, shrugging, "The temperature is never the same."

"Mmm, that's true." Kanako says, after stuffing her face a bit. "At least it's not as bad as it used to be. Cooking's gotten pretty convenient lately."

"Oh?"

"Wood was a real pain for the normal person," She says, "But people weren't as picky about their food either."

"That makes sense, I guess."

"By the way, this is pretty good. What do you think, Sanae?"

Sanae nods, eyes still half shut.

"Thanks, you two. By the way, how do we even get electricity up here?"

"You've heard of solar power, right?"

"Sure."

"Check the roof next time you go outside."

"Seriously?" You're not sure how you missed that, but... well, you guess you were paying more attention to basically everything else. This building isn't the interesting one, anyway.

Kanako laughs. "What, did you think we were old-fashioned here?"

Sanae mostly sits out the conversation, but as you two talk about nothing for a while the food slowly revives from her stupor. Near the end of the meal, she seems mostly human again, smiling and laughing with the two of you. Eventually, Kanako takes notice of her.

"Good morning, Sanae."

Sanae laughs. "Good morning. Sorry. Last night was really tough."

"You did well, though," Kanako says, reaching over to give her a solid pat on the back. "I think you'll be fine on your first day out. Just don't pick a fight with anyone too scary looking."

"I wonder where we should go first," Sanae says, thinking about the day ahead. "Kanako, do you have an idea?"

"There's no humans on the mountain," She says, "There's some human farms near the base of it, though. It may be best to start there."

You decide to chime in. "Won't they have trouble getting up here if the tengu are in the way?"

"The humans here are stronger than you'd think," Kanako says. "Besides, once they see an outsider has already done it they shouldn't have any reservations."

"That sounds like false advertising," You offer in jest. Maybe you're getting used to her presence, but you do feel like you can joke a bit with her.

"No, just advertising," She says with a hint of a smile. "We'll want to scout for other shrines as well. As far as I know, there's only one other one in Gensokyo."

"Maybe it would be better to scout out the mountain more today?" Sanae asks, "We know about the Tengu, but maybe there's other stuff we should know about."

"The Tengu are going to harass you if they see you around," Kanako says, "Though, maybe it would be good to take care of that problem first. If we could make a deal with them soon to not harass worshippers, that would be ideal." 

You don't feel your opinion would be unwelcome here, so you decide to chime in.

"It makes sense to me to make sure we can get them up the mountain first," You say, "We should probably figure out what's here before we give them directions."

Kanako furrows her brows. "I think you're both right, but I really didn't want to deal with the Tengu today." She pauses for a moment before continuing. "Well, no helping it."

"Couldn't we just try to avoid them?" You ask.

"No," Kanako says, firmly, "We know they view it as theirs now. Accidental trespassing is one thing, deliberate trespassing is another."

Sanae frowns a bit at that. "Oh, that's true. Maybe we shouldn't bother them after all."

"It's fine," Kanako says, "We'll have to do it eventually. I was just hoping to get some faith coming in today."

"Can youkai give us faith?" You ask.

"They can," Kanako says, "My plan was to get the humans coming first, then add youkai slowly. But, well, it's probably not as much of an issue as it would be for normal humans."

You look a bit puzzled, so she continues. "If something that wanted to eat your arm off was worshiping at a shrine, would you come back?"

"... oh, probably not."

"Around here, that's normal life," She says, "So it's probably workable."

"So," Sanae says, "I guess we should just find the Tengu first?"

Kanako nods. "I'll be with you until we meet them."

"Thanks. I really wouldn't want to do the negotiations..."

Kanako laughs a bit. "I wouldn't let you, anyway. You'll get there, but it's hard to respect someone weaker than you. And some respect is one of the first steps in a good negotiation."

She seems to take it well. "... that's true. And Tengu usually have a king or something, right?"

After a bit more discussion, you all settle on that plan. Kanako has a good idea of where the Tengu are living, so you'll all just show up at their front door and see how it goes. The two of them seem confident that you'll be able to just breeze through the negotiations with ease.

You, personally, aren't so sure - especially after what happened yesterday. But maybe with Kanako hanging around it'll be fine.

Sanae insists on cleaning up the breakfast, practically kicking you out when you try to help, so you pass the time by looking out over the mountain you'll be going down. Kanako stays behind too, though you can't imagine her doing dishes.

Regardless, it's not too long before you hear Sanae's voice over your shoulder.

"Are you ready to go?"

She's... positively excited, and with a dangerous gleam in her eye. Kanako isn't too far behind her, looking pleased with herself.

"I'm ready," You say, "Though... now I'm wondering if it's safe."

"Oh? What do you mean?"

"Nothing. Let's go."

This time, you aren't carried - over the course of the night Sanae seems to have figured out how to lift two people rather than just one. The sensation of being carried by the air is a strange one. This is certainly faster than walking, but on a clear day like today it's obvious just how fatal that fall would be. You try not to look down too much.

Your flight path takes you down near a large cave opening. When you look back, you notice that Kanako isn't anywhere to be seen. But you can definitely feel her - she's around, somewhere. Did they change the plan? Well, yours is probably still the same.

The two of you land. Even before you do, the mountainside is full of Tengu of all shapes, and a large contingent meets you at the door. They are not pleased.

"Hello, hello!" Sanae calls out, "Can we speak with the king? We don't want any trouble, we just want to discuss the matter of the shrine that appeared yesterday."

You scan the crowd as she speaks, spotting Momiji from yesterday in the process. All the weapons you can see are drawn, and even the ones without weapons seem like they're prepared to fight.

"Ho, and who are you?"

An older tengu steps out from the crowd. He's... well, he doesn't have the ears that the weapon-bearing ones do. Sanae seems unfazed by all this, somehow.

You're supposed to be playing the role of a devout follower, and the best way to do that is probably to follow Sanae's lead. Somehow she's absolutely confident in the face of hundreds of potential enemies, and you're sure that stems from knowing her god is nearby. You'll do the same.

"We're from the Morya Shrine," She says again, "My name is Sanae Kochya, and I serve Lady Kanako as the head priestess of the shrine."

The old bird doesn't seem impressed as he turns to looks to you. "And who is this?"

You boldly give your name, with the title 'assistant preist'. Your voice catches a bit, but it comes out convincing enough.

"Hmph. And you to wish to see the king?"

Sanae continues to look him over. "We do. That's not a problem, is it?"

The Tengu laughs, before motioning around him. "My brothers and sisters are more deadly than they look, and the king does not like to be disturbed. You're brave, but I suggest you leave before you find the trouble you did not want."

"We may not want any trouble," Sanae says, firmly, "But we must see the king. If you won't take us to him, please move out of the way."

There's about a ten step gap between the two currently. Sanae takes a step forward, and two nearby Tengu rush to the old man's side. You hesitate, but also step up.

"Halt!"

Another step. Not just the guards, but it seems as if the entire crowd begins to tense now. Is she really going to do this?

Just then, a massive bolt of lighting rips through the sky and explodes a tree a few hundred yards back from the cave entrance. The boom causes everyone but Sanae herself to cower for a moment. Kanako's doing? Or Sanae's? No, it could be both, couldn't it? A bolt of lighting from a clear sky is something like a miracle... for you two, anyway.

The old Tengu recovers quickly enough. "Halt!" he yells out, "I will not say it again!"

Sanae does halt this time. "We are not afraid. Please take us to the king."

He stares daggers as you both, before whispering something to the guard to his side. The guard nods, and bolts off into the cave.

"Normally, such party tricks would not work on us," He says, "But I admire your resolve. I've requested an audience for you."

After a few minutes of relative silence, the guard returns and whispers to the older Tengu. He frowns a bit, and nods.

"You'll be granted a short audience. Follow me."

With a hand gesture he waves off the crowd, causing them to disperse almost as quickly as they arrived. He leads the two of you deep into the cave. Seems they've got an entire village stashed in here. After leading you up the stairs and before a rather large door, he pauses and turns to you.

"Don't try anything, Humans."

"Oh, we really do just want to talk," Sanae says, "Don't worry."

"Hmph."

The old Tengu then leads you inside, before who must be the king. His dress is much more

All the Tengu around you prostrate themselves before him. Sanae does not, so you also do not - even if you feel uneasy doing so before a king.

"What do a priestess and a priest want with me?" The king says in a gruff voice. "I'm a busy man."

"Actually," Sanae says, "Lady Kanako would like a word with you. But she'd ask that you dismiss your guards first."

"Fine," The King says, motioning the few Tengu in the chambers away - although they seem reluctant to leave. "... I don't believe you've come here to murder me, given the report my scouts gave me yesterday. And I do want to deal with this matter sooner rather than later."

Shortly after the guards depart, you see the King look behind you two in surprise. You also turn around. Seems Kanako finally decided to show herself.

"Sorry for that," Kanako says, moving forward. "I would have liked to just appeared to begin with, but it's a complicated matter. Lord Tenma, I presume? We have much to discuss."

"No, we have very little to discuss," He says, "You will remove your shrine from my mountain."

"That's not an easy matter. I propose that we purchase the top from you instead. I also propose that, as part of the terms of our agreement, that you allow humans free access to the summit."

"Your proposal is ridiculous. We have no use for money or humans tainting our mountain."

"I wouldn't think you would. But perhaps we could pay in a nontraditional way?"

"Such as?"

Sanae removes a small dagger from her clothing, holding it close to her breast so as not to alarm him. Kanako motions to it. "I would like your opinion on this blade."

The King nods, so Sanae carefully brings it forward and silently presents it to him. She returns to your side while he gives it a few minutes of study.

"The workmanship is mediocre," He says, "But the metal used is the finest I have ever seen. Did this come from the outside world?"

"Of course," Kanako says, "Although, there's no reason that the technique couldn't be replicated here... if someone were to teach you how."

"... hmm. Is that what you are proposing?"

"Among other things, although this is one of the more tangible ones," Kanako says, "If you're interested we can discuss the details."

The king pulls a rope nearby, signaling the older Tengu from earlier. As he enters he notices Kanako and hesitates a bit, but doesn't bring it up as

"These two are to be treated as visitors to the mountain until I decide otherwise," He says to the old Tengu. "Is that clear?"

"Yes, my lord."

"Good. And that is all I need of you two," The King continues, "You are dismissed. We'll continue these discussions in private."

Sanae nods, and the old man motions for you both to follow him. He silently leads. Eventually, you reach the cave entrance, and he turns to you. "Even as visitors, you are not allowed in the village. However, you are free to move about the mountain as you see fit."

With those words, he turns his back to you and heads back into the cave.

Like so many other times in the past day, you're a bit at a loss for what just happened. Sanae turns to you, though, smiling. "Haaah. That went well, didn't it? I think we'll get the deal we want."

You'll ask her what that was all about later, when you're well away from the Tengu ears undoubtedly listening in on your conversation. "I think so, too."

"So," She says, "I guess we're free to look around now. You ready?"

"I'm ready. A bit further down the mountain, then?"

Sanae nods. "Let's just fly around a bit and see if we can see anything interesting."

"Works for me. Let's go."

You feel the wind carefully embrace your body and lift you into the air, towing you a bit behind Sanae. You wonder if you'll ever get used to this? The sensation itself isn't that uncomfortable, but seeing the ground that far below you and you having no control over the whole thing is.

One thing is clear as you scan the area - this mountain is wild. Immediately below the tengu village is a huge cliff with a waterfall running down it, feeding what looks like a large river running down the mountain and far off into the distance. You might be able to get up those cliffs with climbing gear, but not on foot. There's other cliffs sprinkled, too - including the one you think you were on yesterday.

The remainder of the mountain is covered with a lush green carpet of trees. If flying isn't a common thing here, people from below the mountain are going to have serious issues even reaching the top. You can't see beneath it but it seems pretty dense from here. If you're just flying around, maybe it's worth checking out.

"Hey," You yell out, "Do you think you could set us down for a minute?"

Sanae gives you a thumbs up rather than yelling back. With a bit of a sinking feeling in your stomach, you start to drop... and faster than last time. Before you hit the treeline, though, you slow considerably, and the two of you hover a few feet just above it.

"Geez," You say, a bit unnerved, "That landing was cool, but could you warn me you're going to do it next time? I thought I wasn't going to stop."

She looks to you a bit apologetically. "Sorry. Was that too sudden?"

You laugh, shrugging, "Well, if I knew it was coming it wouldn't have been. What's up?"

She turns to you, looking a bit puzzled, then looks down to the unbroken sea of green below you. "It's pretty thick, isn't it?"

"Yeah," You say, "I was wondering what it looks like underneath. Can people even get up this mountain? Even if the tengu are out of the way, this seems pretty unmanageable."

She nods, vaguely. Then, a genuine smile creeps across her face. "Ok, I'm setting us down now."

As she says that, the two of you start to descend. As you do the branches immediately in your way bend to let you through, leaves fluttering. More wind control, you assume. Cool. You can't help but feel proud for her even. Gently, your feet touch the ground.

"Wow."

The two of you are on a not-insignificant slope, but the thing that catches your eye are the trees. They're... huge. Way bigger than any tree on the side of a mountain has any right being. As if you needed yet another reminder that this was a fantasy world.

Sanae seems about as amazed as you. "They're huge."

Thinking back... "Ah," You say, "This must be where Kanako got the things to make the torii from."

Sanae nods, continuing to look around a bit.

The understory is mostly barren. There's a few plants and a fair bit of debris, but it's not the overgrown mess that you thought it might be. You guess the shade, coupled with the dense covering of fallen leaves, keeps it pretty clean. "No, I take it back. This is walkable."

"Did you want to try walking for a bit?" Sanae asks, "... honestly, I'm a bit tired. Moving us both is harder than I thought it would be."

"We can rest if you're tired," You say, "Don't push yourself too much."

"Not... physically tired," She says, "Walking is fine. I think."

You nod. If it's too much, you can always force her to rest. "Sure. What direction?"

"Anything but uphill," She laughs, "You pick."

"Alright," You say, considering your options. The two things that immediately spring to mind are that river from earlier and a nearby animal trail that you notice. 

"How about that way?" you say, motioning to an animal trail worn into the fallen leaves. "Looks like whatever made this trail uses it to get up and down the mountain."

"Let's try it," Sanae says, "I wonder how far it goes?"

You decide to take the lead this time, making sure to go slow to let Sanae keep pace. The slope here is pretty gentle and smooth, so you both have no trouble walking it. Down and down you go, the main sounds being the various birds, insects, and squirrels.

"We weren't far from the bottom when we descended, were we?" You ask, after what seems like forever of marching downhill.

"I didn't think so," Sanae says, somehow sounding less tired than before, "There were some fields near the bottom, right?"

You nod. "I can't really see a break in the trees though, so maybe we were further up than I thought."

"Want to rest?" She asks, "You're sounding a bit tired."

You shrug. "I'm fine. How about you?"

"Better," She says, giggling a bit, "Walking is a bit easier than flying. And this forest is really pretty."

"It is," You say, "But... are people really going to spend this long getting to the shrine?"

"I think it's fine," Sanae says, "... maybe."

Just then, you hear a loud noise behind you. You jump and spin around to see... a deer running off through the woods. Seems you startled it. You both watch it go, laughing after getting over your initial shock.

"Hey," You say, "Something that didn't want to kill me. Nice."

"Should we keep going?" Sanae asks, stifling a laugh.

"Sure."

So you continue even further down the mountain, running across nothing of note for another hour or so. The trail is definitely easy to follow. If you can reuse this, and maybe mark it a bit, it'll be great - maybe not for the deer, but for anyone humans who'll take it. After an hour or so the ground starts to level out, mostly, but the forest itself is still thick and there's little sign that humans have penetrated it.

By now, the sun has ducked behind some clouds. At least, that's what you assume, because you still can't see the sky. A coldish wind has also picked up.

"This is... starting to get a bit spooky."

Sanae nods. "I don't think this is normal. I'm getting goosebumps." 

"Maybe we should bail?" You ask, "I think we'll get jumped by something unpleasant if we stay around here too long."

Sanae looks around a bit at the grim surroundings. "... maybe that's a good idea. We're just scouting today. Ready?"

You nod. As you do, you feel the sensation of the wind again, but... it feels a little off. Rather than the smooth envelope of air that you've gotten used to, it feels rougher and more turbulent.

"... that's weird," Sanae mutters, as the two of you start to rise. "Huh."

Before you can get through the canopy, a gust of wind cuts through the wind surrounding you. When you hit the envelope of wind, it ends up ejecting you. You let out a curse as you helplessly fly through the air, scrambling to grab something nearby before you start falling too far.

"Aaahh!" Sanae yelps, "I'm sorry!"

Due to some miracle, and with a good dose of self-preservation instinct, you do manage to latch onto a branch before you fall too far. You start to feel Sanae's wind shakily embrace you again a few moments afterwards, so you don't think you were in any real danger. Although the wind miracle starts to tug on you again, your arms just won't let go.

"Give me a minute," You call out, hugging your branch for dear life.

"I..." Sanae pauses, "Are you ok?"

"Fine," You say, "Just a bit terrified. What was that?"

Sanae moves closer to you as she speaks. "This definitely isn't normal. Something cancelled my miracle..."

"I'm sorry!"

A new voice calls out from the ground somewhere. You look, but from your position you can't really see anything. Sanae seems to meet eyes with someone in your blind spot, though.

"You should both leave this place," The unknown woman says, "It's dangerous. I can't protect you if you're here."

"We don't need your protection, so that's ok," Sanae says, "And we were just leaving."

"Do we still want to leave?" You wonder aloud, "Sounds like there's someone interesting down there."

Sanae floats close enough to whisper. "She's dangerous to be around. I don't think it's safe for you." 

"I'm not worried," You say, looking down, "I've seen what you can do. I think I'll be fine, especially if we're just looking for information."

Sanae looks away bashfully. "...well, ok. Let's go down and talk with her." After a few moments, she looks to the unknown individual.

"Actually," Sanae says, boldly, "We've changed our minds. We want to talk with you for a bit."

"I said that's dangerous," The unknown individual says in protest, "Please go back where you came from."

You feel the unsteady wind embrace you once more, so you ease your grip on the branch and let it carry you down. As you turn yourself around and move towards the ground, you catch sight of the individual talking to you. Her dark red dress and pale green hair stands out amongst the forest.

"Oh!" Sanae says, "I couldn't quite tell from up there, but... you're a goddess, aren't you?"

The woman doesn't respond for a few moments. Then, she sighs. "... you're not going to listen, are you?"

Sanae laughs. "We're out scouting our new home. If you could tell us about yourself and this area, we'd appreciate it."

The woman seems to ponder this for a minute as the two of you finish your descent. Having solid ground under you is a good feeling. Finally, she turns to you, ignoring Sanae for the moment.

"Lost humans should head to the human village. I wouldn't want any harm to come to you, and that's just what will happen if you stay around here."

"We're not lost," You say, "And I won't be harmed as long as she's here."

Sanae steps forward, placing herself between you and this goddess. She turns back to you, a dangerous expression on her face. "I just remembered something."

You turn to her. "What's that?"

"Lady Kanako says that in Gensokyo, strength is the only thing people respect." Sanae faces forward to the goddess. With a forceful voice, she demands, "Tell us what we want to know."

... you think you see where this is going, so you calmly scan off to your sides. You'll be needing an escape route shortly.

"Oho," The goddess says, sounding amused. She turns to you, looking right past Sanae. "You're practically drowning in misfortune. Won't you just make your way to the village and let me help you?"

"I'm not sure what you're talking about," You say, "But I refuse."

You've got your route set, you think. There's a path with a fair bit of cover to your right that should get you a good twenty or thirty feet away. And just in time - the goddess starts to levitate, and pale flaming orbs start to appear around her.

"Then," She says, turning to Sanae, "I guess I'll just take you both to the village."

"Danmaku, right?" Sanae asks, "Don't think you'll beat me!"

That's your cue, you think. You bolt just as the two begin lighting up the forest.

Before you can make it very far one of the light bullets shears off a branch with a loud crack. It lands a little too close for comfort - something like that hitting you would not end well. You were originally going to stick close and watch the duel, but you reconsider for a moment. 

A battle between priestesses and gods is really no place for someone like you. Although you're curious how it ends up, you don't want the next branch to land on your head. You keep moving until you feel relatively safe - or at least, safe from the danmaku battle. This forest still doesn't feel right.

From this distance, you can still faintly hear the battle, but you can't see it - mainly due to the the thickness of the trees. You guess the thing to do is to wait until the raucous stops. You've got faith enough that Sanae will win it, so you'll just wander over when she does.

As you wait, though, you feel like you're being watched. A glance around shows nothing, but you can't shake the feeling. Strange.

... wait, did you just hear a laugh?

Another look, but still nothing. Ah. No, not nothing... some movement in a bush a short distance away.

You focus intensely on it, trying to catch a glimpse of whatever it was. Probably a squirrel or something, but if there's one thing you've learned so far is that this is a dangerous place. The forest still has you on edge, too.

More rustling, this time from off to your other side. You turn, and the first bush rustles again. When you turn back to it hoping to catch a glimpse of whatever it is, a third bush rustles. You also think you hear a faint giggle.

Ok, you've either developed paranoia or you're being toyed with. Perhaps both.

Well, whatever it is, you've got a nice solid tree to your back. You decide to pick up a nearby branch and ignore the noises for now. Just need to wait until the battle is over.

"Hey, hey!"

You feel a light tap on the top of your head. When you look up, you see a tiny human floating there. A tiny human with wings? Doesn't seem that dangerous, at least.

"This way!"

It seems to want you to follow it. 

You look to it, unamused, and shake your head slowly. Not today, little fairy. You're not sure what it has in mind, but it can't be good.

"Aww, why not?" The fairy asks, looking a bit dejected. "It'll be fun!"

"For you, but probably not for me," You say, hoping that the battle ends soon. How long can those two keep fighting? Although you doubt a fairy is much of a threat, it's best not to underestimate anything here.

"No, it will be fun!" She pouts, stomping her little feet on what would be the floor if she weren't flying. You ignore her.

She calls out a few names, and in response you see a few more faries come out of the bush. Four of them?

"Come, come!"

The fairy grabs onto your uniform, around the shoulders, and tugs. She's surprisingly strong. Probably about the strength of a large child. She doesn't put up much resistance when you brush her off, instead flying to her friends.

"Let's make him come!"

"Yeah!"

Oh, geez.

"Look," You say, with a firm shake of your head, "If I don't know what it is, I'm not going."

The leader's face scrunches up. At least, you assume she's the leader, as the rest of them seem to be looking to her for guidance.

She stares right at you, scrunched up face and all. You stare right back, unmoving.

The battle in the distance sounds like it's still going on, so that's not an option... well, maybe it is if this gets really bad. And, you do still have your stick, although using that now feels pretty cruel. 

Maybe they'll just back off once they realize you're having none of it. The only thing you offer this leader is an unamused stare. If they want a ruse out of you, they're going to have to work hard for it.

"Grrrr!"

The two-foot tall girl stamps her feet again as her wings vibrate aggressively. She's mad, but no more than a kid who was just told they couldn't have any more sweets.

"Bleeeeeh!"

She sticks out her tongue at you before rushing past you and out of sight. Her two cohorts look to you, then to each other... and then follow.

Huh. That was easy enou---

*crrrack*

A loud noise above you triggers something primal in you, causing you to move out of the way, and quickly. By the time you get to your third step though your leg snags on something, nearly toppling you. You do manage to keep from tripping yourself up completely, but it's far from graceful. You quickly look down to see what snagged you.

"Hehehe!"

One of the fairies has you in a big bear hug around your calf. You try to give your leg a shake, but she's held on tight and refusing to move.

*thud*

... and the source of the noise, a branch it seems, lands right where you had been seconds ago. You look up. The leader is high above you in the canopy. You can't hear her from here, but she almost looks doubled over with laughter.

A more vigorous shake dislodges the fairy around your leg, and she quickly hides in the brush. When you look up again, the leader is no longer in sight. Hmm.

You listen for any signs of movement, but all you hear is Sanae's ongoing battle. Those fairies are still around, you imagine.

Although you strongly consider dealing with these three yourself, in the end you decide it best not to. You'd rather take your chances with the stray danmaku than let these three keep trying to get a ruse out of you.

So, after a quick second look, you start walking back in the direction of the battle. You move quickly, but not so quickly that it looks like you're alarmed.

"Hey!"

One of the fairies calls out from directly behind you, almost causing you to jump, but you continue on.

They try the branch trick once more. You're ready this time, though - you watch your legs, and when one of them makes a dive you quickly dodge sending it sailing past. A second fairy also dives this time, but you dodge that one too.

"Hah!" you call out, unable to help yourself.

"No fair!" you hear the leader faintly from the canopy. Then, louder, "No faaaiir!"

Although you don't turn around, you can almost see the leader's pouting face.

You keep walking, and soon, the roar of the danmaku is close. They seem to have shifted to fighting above the treeline, however, because although you can see an extreme amount of blue and red light from up there you can't really see what they are doing.

The three fairies seem to be more interested in the danmaku by now, so they drift higher up. Maybe that was the distraction you needed.

At that moment, a stray bullet passes through the canopy. It strikes one of the fairy underlings head on.

*ccchhhss*

... and, with a slight sizzle, it pops - almost like a balloon. Nothing remains, not even her dress.

"Woah."

Two thoughts pass through your mind. One - that's mildly disturbing. Would that happen to you? You can't imagine so, but it makes you wonder. And two, you wish you could do that. Would have made things a whole lot easier.

"Eeeee!"

The remaining two fairies scatter. You hope you won't be seeing them again. You've taken quite a liking to your stick though, so you keep it handy.

After about one more minute, the loser falls through the canopy and to the ground rather violently. Judging by the clothing, it's the goddess from earlier - not Sanae. You breath a sigh of relief as Sanae slowly drifts down.

"See?" She says, talking to the loser. She doesn't seem to have noticed you yet. "Now you have to listen to me. Tell us about the area."

"Give me... a minute," You hear the loser mutter. "Uuugh."

You make your way over with no particular stealth. Sanae notices you right away. She's practically beaming with joy right now - if that grin were any wider, you're not sure it would fit on her face.

"Oh," She says, hovering over to you. "That was exciting! Did you get to watch? I didn't see where you ran off too." 

"I kept my distance after nearly having some debris land on me," You say, shrugging, "Sorry, I didn't see it."

Sanae looks a bit glum at that. "Well, at least you kept yourself safe."

Sanae just shot down a goddess - and she's got enough power to obliterate one of those fairies with a single shot. The fairy thing is embarrassing even before you consider those two facts. In the end, you decide to keep it to yourself.

"And you just won your first duel," You say, shifting the topic from yourself, "Must feel good, right? Was it tough?"

Her grin immediately returns. And she seems no worse for the wear, either. "You bet it feels good! I thought it would be harder than that though, to be honest..."

"How cruel... I nearly had you once or twice."

The goddess has gotten to her feet and wandered over to you two, though she seems a bit unsteady. There's scorch marks and tatters all over her clothes. On closer inspection, Sanae herself has a half dozen marks around the edges of her own clothes.

Sanae laughs. "Well, maybe once. But you'd have to hit me more than once to bring me down."

"Hmph."

"I'm Sanae Kochiya" Sanae says, breaking the tension "You know, we haven't been introduced yet. And if you live around here, I guess we're neighbors. What kind of goddess are you?"

You also give your name.

"Hina Kagiyama. I gather curses to prevent them from lingering near humans too long," The goddess says, before turning to you. "Are you sure you won't come with me to the village? The mountain really is no place for a human."

"I'm fine," You say, shaking your head. Maybe this is someone good to practice your act on? You give it a shot. "Our shrine is on the mountain, and my faith keeps me safe."

Ah... but this time, it didn't, so you're not even sure that sounded convincing. Maybe you'll ask Kanako later what you should do if you run into a similar problem. The wilderness here is absolutely crawling with danger for someone like you, and any tips would help.

"Since you can talk now," Sanae says, "Tell us everything you know about the surrounding area."

"Everything?" Hina asks, "There's quite a lot... we'd need to put on some tea."

"Is your house near here?" You ask.

Hina laughs. "This forest is my house. But, I do have a few comforts nearby..."

On one hand, information is good. Sanae doesn't seem all that tired on the outside, but you imagine that after a long battle like that that she could use a rest. Especially if she'd going to be lugging you around like she has been all day.

On the other hand, you don't really need much info - a general overview of the surroundings would be enough to get you two moving again. The Tengu can probably get you the gritty details later, and the thought of spending the afternoon with a curse goddess is a bit unsettling.

"I think that's fine," You say, putting aside your unease for now. "What do you think, Sanae?"

Sanae seems to be caught a bit off guard by that. "Huh? Well, I guess we shouldn't be rude."

"This way," Hina says, motioning towards nothing in particular. "It's not far. In fact, you two showing up interrupted my lunch."

Ah... lunch time already? You ate your fill for breakfast, but part of you hopes she's got some cookies or something to go with the tea. In your haste, you didn't bring anything to snack on.

"You could have kept eating," Sanae says, "We were just passing through."

Hina sighs. "I had to see why there were humans crawling about around here. If you're strong, it's not much of an issue, but if you aren't you'll get eaten."

"Eaten?" Sanae asks, "By what?"

"Oh," Hina continues, "All kinds of things. Feral youkai mainly. Neither of you are from the village, so you'd be fair game."

"Why is that?"

"I keep my distance from a lot of things, so I don't really know. Oh, there's one now."

As you walk, she points out a huge mass of fur and muscle that you hadn't even noticed off to your right. It's quite bear-like but disturbingly muscular. Or perhaps ape-like? Regardless, it's huge. How did this thing even manage to sneak up on you three?

"Shoo!"

Whatever it is, it seems to respect Hina and saunters off without much argument. You imagine you'd be fine with Sanae around, but... yeah, you'll try not to wander around this place alone.

"Wow!" Sanae says as she watches it run. "Are there a lot of those?"

"Enough," Hina says, pausing for a moment to get her bearings. "And even if it doesn't want to eat you, it might accidentally kill you while having some fun. Even the fairies around here might prank you to death."

You laugh. "Come on now, that's just silly."

Sanae laughs too. "Fairies are really, really weak. They shouldn't be a problem."

"He'd have trouble with them," Hina says, looking to Sanae grimly, "So keep a close eye on him, OK? Ah, here we are."

You arrive... or so she says. There's nothing but a clearing here, though. And a half dozen stumps... although, on closer inspection, they do seem quite smooth.

"Take a seat. It's not much for a human," Hina laughs, turning to a tree with a large hole in it, "But for me it's plenty."

Sanae takes her seat on a nearby stump without much hesitation. You do the same, sitting next to her. Hina pulls a full tea set from the hollow of the tree.

"Wait here," Hina says, "I need to get some water from the spring nearby." 

Hina leaves you two to yourselves as she heads off, teapot in hand. After she's out of earshot, Sanae leans in close to you.

"This is weird," She whispers, "What kind of goddess doesn't have a shrine?"

You look around. There's definitely nothing resembling a shrine around, not even a small one. Nor is there anything resembling a path into or out of this small clearing. In fact, when you look to where Hina just walked off to you notice that the underbrush doesn't seem disturbed at all.

"Maybe it's somewhere else?" You whisper back, "We'll just have to ask."

She doesn't seem satisfied with that. "Hmm."

After a few minutes, Hina returns, carefully cradling the now heavier pot. With a wave of her hand, she makes a small bit of flame near the center of the stumps. Much to your unease, it's a bizarre whitish-purple color rather than a more normal orange.

"That's... scary," You mutter.

"It is." Sanae agrees with a nod, carefully focusing on it. "But I... think it's safe."

Hina just smiles. "Well, it won't hurt the tea. Just don't touch it yourselves, OK?"

"Hina," Sanae asks, as the three of you wait for the tea to brew, "Where is your shrine?"

Hina looks puzzled by the question. But after a few moments, she responds. "This isn't quite like the outside world. I can gather faith directly, without a shrine."

"Oh?"

"It's easy to believe in something you can see, right?" Hina giggles, "I just have to make sure to wander close to the village every once in a while. But I try not to get too close. I gather misfortune and curses, but sometimes they get loose from me."

That sounds dangerous, especially when uttered around that purple flame. Sanae, however, doesn't seem to pay it any mind.

"But, there's at least one major shrine here... are you saying goddesses like you don't need even a minor one?"

"That's right," Hina nods. "By the way, do you mean the Hakurei shrine?"

Sanae nods. "That's right. Do you know where it is?"

That's your first time hearing of any of this. A competing shrine would be trouble, wouldn't it? Maybe Sanae thought it wasn't important to mention, but it definitely seems important.

Hina laughs. "Why, would you go there? I wouldn't recommend that. The shrine maiden doesn't take kindly to troublemakers."

"I think you have to answer my questions now, right?" Sanae laughs, deflecting the question. "Or else I think I'm allowed to beat you up again."

Hina sighs a little in resignation. "Well, that's true. It'll make more sense if I start with what's between here and there. First, let me start with this forest..."

You sense your chance to ask about this other shrine slipping away, but maybe it's best not to bring it up right now. 

"There's another shrine here?"

Your curiosity gets the better of you so you can't help but butt in.

"That's right," Hina says, "Didn't your friend mention it?"

"It's a run down, decrepit one," Sanae quickly replies, "and it's run by a lazy shrine maiden. It barely gathers any faith even though Gensokyo is full of it."

"So why's it the only one, then? Seems like someone else could do a better job."

Sanae smiles, but it's a dangerous one. "I know, right?"

A wave of realization washes over you. "Oh, I see."

This isn't just a mission trip, but maybe a bit of a crusade. Not that you really mind, of course - at least for now, your goal is still to get out of here. But you guess that does inform your role a bit.

"By the way," Sanae says, turning to Hina, "I was going to ask you later, but... we've got more than enough space at our shrine, if you'd---"

"No." Hina says, flatly. "You're definitely troublemakers... even if you are right about the Hakurei shrine."

"You're sure?"

"Absolutely," Hina says, removing the pot from the fire. "Although I won't get in your way, either. I'd rather be well away from things when the Hakurei shrine maiden comes for you."

Sanae nods, completely ignoring the bit about the other shrine maiden. "Well, if you change your mind, we'll still accept you."

"I won't," Hina says, "Besides, what kind of shrine would want to be associated with curses?"

"Oh," Sanae laughs, "Well, I don't think it would be a problem."

You don't see how it wouldn't be, but you decide not to drag things any more off topic. "Sorry. You were going to tell us about the forest?"

"Right, right," Hina says, as she gets up and heads back to her hollow. "Well, aside from being wild and full of misfortune, there's not much here. But, just beyond this..."

She pulls a small pouch out of the hollow of the tree, taking a bit of the contents and adding it to the tea pot. "... you'll run into some farmland. And farmers, of course."

She continues through the surrounding area first, after pouring the tea. You learn about the village, the Hakurei shrine, and a few other wilder places that you're probably best avoiding. For someone who primarily dwells in the forest, she's got quite a good memory of layouts.

Sanae thought far enough ahead to bring a pad of paper and a pencil, so she spends most of the time taking notes and drawing maps. You mainly just savor your tea and try to take it all in.

After the surroundings, Hina pauses. "More tea?"

Sanae nods. "Yes, thank you."

"Well," Hina says, "Actually, I'll need to fill the pot again. There's more to talk about than I thought. Please wait here."

"That's ok, we'll wait."

After Hina gets out of sight, an oddly familiar voice calls out from the bushes.

"Hey! You!"

It's... that fairy from before. Is this thing still following you? You thought it wandered off. Sanae looks to you, raising an eyebrow questioningly. 

Now that you're back under Sanae's protection, you decide to have a bit of fun with it. Verbally, of course -

"I don't know," You shrug, looking it right in the eye. "Maybe it's confused? I think I'd remember someone like this."

It's face scrunches up again for a moment, but then it relaxes. "Follow? Crash?"

Sanae laughs. "It's cute. What's it even trying to say?"

"Beats me. Definitely seems confused."

You think it's on to you. It gives you one heck of an evil eye before turning to Sanae.

"Come?"

"Come where?" Sanae asks. "Do you want to show us something?"

Sanae turns to her as she speaks, so you take the opportunity to make a face at the little fairy. You can behave like a kid, too. It notices, making a face back. Sanae turns around, but you've returned to your poker face before she does.

"We're busy right now," You say, "So you'll have to find us later."

The fairy, seeing that this new person doesn't seem interested either, looks back to you.

"Meanie!"

With that, it leaves. You chuckle a bit. Making enemies of fairies might not be the best idea, but it sure feels good.

"Geez," Sanae says, amused but a bit shocked, "What was that all about?"

"I wonder," You say, trying your best to keep your satisfied smile from shining through. "I guess it just doesn't like me?"

Right about then, Hina returns. "Are the fairies bothering you? You should just shoot them, they can get to be a real nuisance."

"I kinda wanted to see what it would do," Sanae said, laughing, "Pranks or not."

"Hmm," Hina says, "Well, it does get old after a while. You'll get sick of them soon enough. Now, where was I?"

"Umm, somewhere around 'the fringes'," Sanae says, "I think you were going to talk about the mountain first."

"Right, right."

You didn't have really anything to add last time, so this time you wrack your brain for any questions you might have.

Although you wrack your brain, you can't really come up with anything you'd want to ask this Hina person. Instead, you opt to just listen and take note of what she's saying... and keep watch for the fairy, should it decide to return.

"So, the mountain..."

Hina continues on. That river you passed on earlier is apparently home to a whole host of kappa, although the legends you know about kappa and these creatures don't really match up aside from them living in water. The do sound friendly to humans, though, so you shouldn't have to worry much about them. The tengu do only have the one village, so you seem to be good on that front.

here's a fairly well established trail that runs closer to the river, although it runs right up to the tengu village so only merchants really use it now.Still, that sounds like where the rest of your shrine's path should meet up with existing infrastructure. That info alone made this little diversion useful, even if you're nowhere near where people will be travelling.

You do notice the fairy once or twice, peeking out from behind a tree, but it seems to be wary of Hina. Although you try to focus on Hina's lecture, once she gets away from the mountain and into "places you should definitely avoid", you find your thoughts drifting to that popped fairy from earlier. Do these things die? Where do they even come from? Who makes those little dresses?

By the time Hina gets through everything, you definitely feel like you've taken on too much information. You're tired, even though you've been sitting here not doing anything for at least an hour or two.

"... and that's everything," Hina says, "Well, everything I know about at least."

Sanae seems to be in much the same boat as you. "That's... a lot of different places."

"Gensokyo is small," Hina says, "But there's a little bit of everything."

"Well, that's way more information than I thought we'd get," Sanae says, before turning to you. "We'll definitely have to beat up anyone else we meet."

You're not sure what to make of that. It almost sounds like a joke, but you can't be sure. "Might makes right, huh?"

Sanae nods energetically, although she pauses before responding. "... actually, that probably would just scare people off wouldn't it?"

"Or scare them into believing," You nod, "That's worked for some religions in the past."

While Sanae seriously considers the idea, Hina speaks up. "I don't mean to rush you, but it's about time I make my rounds."

"Oh," Sanae says, snapping out of thought, "We probably should get going, shouldn't we?"

You nod. "Probably. Where to?"

She thinks about it for a moment, then glances down to her notebook. "... my brain is mush."

Hina laughs. "Well, you did want everything. You're welcome to rest here if you want, but I really do need to get going."

"Sure." You say, "Thanks for everything."

Sanae looks up, giving her a warm smile. "Thanks again!"

Hina gives her a bit of an odd look. "Well, I didn't have much choice, did I? Please, try not to cause too much trouble."

With that, she leaves after carefully stashing her tea and tea pot back into the hollow. Sanae seems to be at a loss, fumbling through her notebook.

"How about we head back to the shrine?" You suggest, "It's no good to skip a meal, especially when you're working hard."

Sanae stops flipping for a moment, then closes her little notebook. "Huh. I guess it is lunch time, isn't it?"

"I think so," You say, "Though, I don't have a watch."

Sanae laughs. "Why didn't we think to bring a lunch, anyway?"

"Beats me," You say, shrugging. "We'll just have to remember next time. Although... it's not going to be trouble for you to fly both of us, is it?"

She shakes her head. "I'll be fine. After that fight, I really think I'm getting the finer points of flying now. You ready?"

"Yeah, let's go."

Without any of the unsteadiness from earlier, you gently rise up off the ground. "What are the finer points, anyway?"

"Um... hold on."

You see why she wanted to wait in a moment. The canopy is still dense here, yet Sanae manages to weave you both through it without so much as brushing you up against a leaf - although you come close a few times. Once through the canopy you see the open sky again.

Sanae brings you within earshot as she sends you both on an upward trajectory.

"So, the finer points..." Sanae pauses for a moment, then laughs. "Actually, I don't know how to explain it! It's just a lot easier."

"That's fine then," You say, although you can't help but catch a bit of her giddiness. "It's a cool power."

"It doesn't bother you, does it?"

"What doesn't?"

"You know," She says, a bit skittishly, "Being normal." 

"Not really," You say, after pausing for a moment to think it over. "It feels weird, I guess, but it doesn't bother me."

She smiles. "Not even a little?"

"Nope. Not right now, anyway."

"Kanako said I should ask you that after you'd seen a bit of the world," She says, "She's worried you might find it tough here."

"Is she?" You ask. "She seems like the type to mention that directly."

"It came up while you were sleeping last night. She wanted you to have a chance to see a bit of it first before thinking about it."

"Well," You say, "I'll keep the concern in mind. But for now, I'm good."

"Can I try something?"

"Try what?"

"Some advanced movement."

You look down. It's strange how quickly you've gotten used to this, too. Once the path exists, you'll have to make a point of making the trip yourself... maybe. Then again, that might be unwise, given all you know about the mountain now.

You laugh. "Sure. Just don't drop me. I'm normal, so I think I'd handle that poorly."

"Right. Wahoo!"

You suddenly spiral out of... no, just spiral. Barrel rolls. That's what she wanted? A look to your side shows Sanae doing the same, but in the opposite direction. You shut your eyes - it's a bit disorienting when you aren't the one causing the spinning.

"Yaaaah!"

... well, you can't help yourself for long, so you open one eye. She's not just rotating both of you, but accelerating and weaving the two of you around each other. You shut it again. Why did you say yes?

"I'm getting sick," You finally call out, "Can you stop?"

She laughs. "Ok, ok. Sorry."

In a few short moments, you come back into the steady flying pattern you'd become accustomed too. You open your eyes. Yeah, you can tell at least one of you was having a blast.

"Seriously," You say, "That was like a bad roller coaster ride. Only I wasn't strapped into anything."

"It was pretty smooth though, wasn't it?" She asks. "I wasn't sure I could do it with the two of us."

"It was, but... wait, you, weren't sure?"

She laughs. "I would have caught you, don't worry!"

You can't help but be caught up in her laughter, too. Maybe it's the adrenaline. "Can I take back my answer from earlier?"

"Hey, can we try going really fast?"

"If there's no spinning," You say, a bit hesitantly, "Go for it."

Speedy mode is decidedly more tolerable. The acceleration is a bit jarring, but once you're up to speed there's not much of a difference aside from the wind in your face and the rate that the ground is speeding away under you. The wind resistance you feel goes away in time, and the two of you touch down in front of the shrine without any real issues.

"That actually seems useful," You say, taking a quick inventory of the grounds. You don't see anyone else here, but you guess there's no telling with gods if they're around or not. "Is it more tiring than going slow?"

She shakes her head. "It's harder, but not too hard."

The two of you start walking towards the building you stayed in last night. "How hungry are you? We've got some leftovers from breakfast that we could scarf down if you don't want too much."

"Hungry," She says, indecisively. She says she's not tired, but she certainly looks it. "But, a snack would be good too..."

Well, you can't handle a fairy, but you can handle the 'I don't know what I want' meal problem easily enough. Especially when you've already decided you'll be doing the preparing. 

"It's better if we don't eat too much. Wouldn't want to get too bloated or sick if we get into another situation later."

"Hum," She says, as the two of you head inside, "Yeah, that's true. I guess I could make the leftover rice into ---"

"Whoa, hold on," You say, "I'll take care of it. I can't fly, but I can handle lunch just fine."

She looks like she's about to argue with that, but instead just nods. "I'll wait out here."

You put together a few rice balls using the leftover rice, using the assorted sides as filling. One for each of you now, maybe one for later... and done. About as quick as lunches can be, and you can even eat these on the way to wherever you're headed next.

You find Sanae resting outside on the porch. You guess the adrenaline from earlier has worn off, because she looks hungry - and like she could use a nap.

"Here," You say, handing her one of the ones with a sweeter filling, "Should be about right."

Taking a seat next to her, you start digging into your own. You were quite a bit hungrier than you thought. The two of you eat at an incredible pace, demolishing the two balls in a matter of only a few minutes.

... something's off, though. You feel like you're being watched.

"Hey, shrine maiden!"

An unfamiliar voice calls out from somewhere high above you. Sanae lazily tilts her head towards the sky. You do as well. It's hard to make out the figure, but you notice one thing - very pointy shoes.

"Hello!" She calls out again, drawing closer. "I'm a reporter with the Bunbunmaru News! Do either of you two have time for an interview? We're doing a piece on your new shrine!"

As she draws closer, you can see now that whoever this is has a rather nice looking camera handy. as well as a notepad. Ah, and you think you saw that style of dress with some of the tengu. Maybe she's with them?

Regardless, this is all a bit strange. You look to Sanae. "Bunbubmaru News? How'd she even hear about this place already?"

Sanae looks just as confused as you.

"I think we should do it," You say to the puzzled shrine maiden, "It might help people find us up here. What's the worst that could happen?"

Sanae thinks it over for a moment, then nods. She turns skyward again. "We have time! Come and sit with us."

Whoever this is, she's quite fast. She takes her seat to Sanae's side in mere moments. "Great! Let's start with introductions. My name is Aya Shamemairu, and as I already mentioned I'm a reporter. What are your names?"

"I'm the head priestess of the Moriya shrine, Sanae Kochiya," Sanae says, pausing and turning to you. You introduce yourself as the assistant priest and a new convert.

"Great! Now," Aya continues, "I'd like to ask you a few questions about the shrine."

She peppers you with rapid-fire questions, one after the other. What kind of shrine is this? What god resides here? Why did you suddenly appear in Gensokyo? Sanae handles them quite well, taking on the spokesman role flawlessly. You note her answer for later use - if these are going to show up somewhere, you'll want to be consistent.

As the list goes on though, the questions become strange. What's your favorite color? If you had to pick between being too hot and too cold, which would you pick?

"You're doing great, thank you," Aya continues, "Now---"

"I'm not trying to be rude," You ask, unable to help yourself. This is starting to feel more like one of those bad variety shows than a proper news interview, "Aren't these getting a bit silly?"

"No, not at all!" Aya laughs, "These are important question. People want to know. Now - so, do you guys, you know?"

"Know what?" You ask, suddenly wary of what kind of interview you've walked into.

"You know, that?" 

You decide to play the oblivious one, although it's a bit hard to do so. "I'm sorry, I don't follow."

Aya looks puzzled. "What, are you a bit slow?" she asks, bluntly. You can tell it's not meant to insult, but it stings all the same. Before you can respond, Sanae piques up.

"We definitely don't." She says firmly, "This is sacred ground."

Sanae looks a bit disappointed as she looks to you. You guess it might be bad if you let that question go unchallenged in a news article.

Aya frowns at that answer. "Not even a little bit? It's not like you'd have to defile the grounds, there's plenty of mountain around."

"No!"

"Got it," Aya says, jotting down in her notebook, "But you want to, right? I mean, a young man and a young woman living together..."

Neither you nor Sanae knows how to respond to that one, so there's just awkward silence for a few seconds.

"Just kidding!" Aya laughs, "Come on, who do you take me for? Next question! How many visitors have you had so far?"

"Two, right?" You say, looking to Sanae.

"Two," Sanae nods. "One human, and one Tengu. Oh wait, I guess it's three now that you've visited."

She continues with a few more, somewhat normal, questions. How do you intend to get worshippers up here? Does the shrine sell charms, or is it only donation based (you learn that Sanae does prepare charms, in addition to everything else that she does). Is it always open or are there specific hours? General information questions, and quite a few of them.

Aya shows no signs of slowing down, but the two of you must be. She seems to pick up on this "And, I'll end it here. Why should anyone visit this shrine?"

Sanae puffs out her chest. "Because it's the best shrine in Gensokyo!"

"That's it?" Aya asks, seemingly not satisfied with the answer.

"Should there be more?" Sanae asks.

"Well," Aya says, "It's just disappointing, is all. Can't every shrine say that?"

"They'd be lying," Sanae says, frowning a bit. You can tell Aya is starting to get on her nerves. You decide to take over for a bit. 

"Maybe something like a 'grand opening' event could work?" You wonder aloud, turning to Sanae, "I've seen those do quite well."

It takes a few seconds for her to cast off her foul mood, but she smiles. "Oh, that might work. We haven't really had much time to think about the opening yet."

You look to Aya. "Could you give us a minute?"

"Aahh... normally, I wouldn't," She says, "But I guess I can, since you did just show up yesterday. Of course you wouldn't have time to think about it."

"Let's talk inside."

Sanae nods. "Sure."

Aya seems ok with that, so you two step inside the living quarters. You head back to the dining room to give yourself some space to talk.

The first words out of Sanae's mouth are a sigh. "She's so energetic."

You nod. "Yeah, I almost regret calling her down. But some advertising should do us good. Can you think of anything?"

"Well," Sanae says, "We do sell charms to people for various things. Maybe we could give some away?"

"That's good," You say, thinking. "Maybe every 30th visitor gets one, or something. Do you charge for blessings?"

"No," She says, "It's donation only. But maybe we could give out a special one to some people?"

"What, like 'this will make you extra lucky'?"

She laughs. "Yeah, you can't put all your effort in all the time."

The two of you discuss it for a bit, but those two ideas are the best that you manage to come up with. Maybe not optimal, but they'll do and they're fairly low effort on your part. As you're discussing it though, you think you hit a snag. 

Sanae seems to have noticed the worry on your face. "Something the matter?"

"Yeah", you say, frowning, "So... who's going to do all this if we're out spreading the word ourselves?"

It takes a moment for that to sink in, but she seems to understand the problem after a bit. "Huh. Should we do something else?"

"Hmm... maybe we could set it for a specific day?" You offer, still keen on the other ideas. "I wonder how long it'll take us to finish the rest of the path to the shrine."

"Oh, not an ongoing event, then?"

You shrug. "Might work. But we'd need to pick the right day."

"We'll do it the day after tomorrow," She says, after thinking for a bit. "A day to get people to come and a spare day."

You hesitate. "Won't it take longer than a day to build the path?"

"Nope!" She laughs. "We could do it tonight if we had to."

Your mind flashes back to earlier when Kanako was hurling massive logs up the side of the mountain with ease. Still, isn't there the issue of faith? You can't say you understand it entirely, but you do understand that feats require worshippers.

Quietly, you ask, "Wouldn't that be hard with no worshippers?"

Sanae thinks about it for a moment. "Hmm... well, a little bit," She says, "Maybe there's something else?"

You go round in circles for a bit, but there really doesn't seem to be much of a way out of it. Sanae assures you that it'll be fine, so you both agree that two and a half days seems about right. You also hash out the details of how the path leading up to the shrine will be marked, so that you can include it in the response.

It'll be a busy few days, but it'll be ok you think.

It takes you a bit to spot Aya after leaving the guest house. At first you're afraid she's left, but you notice her taking a few pictures of the shrine. You call out to her as you head over.

"So," She says, putting down the camera for a bit. "How was the powwow?"

You fill her in on the details.

She seems a lot more satisfied with that answer. "Great! See, that's how you should do it."

Sanae coughs a bit in response. "So, was that all the questions?"

"That's it," She nods, "Thank you for the interview! I'll even throw in a complimentary delivery for you tomorrow. See you!"

Before you can even manage a goodbye, she bolts into the sky. You can't help but marvel at her speed. Sanae was fast earlier, but this is something else.

"... phew." Sanae exhales after deep breath. "Was that really a good idea?"

You shrug. "I guess we'll see. Should we get going?"

"Should we check out the river next?" Sanae asks, a dangerous look on her face, "It might be fun to meet the kappa."

"Why not try the farms or the village instead?" You wonder, "It'd feel weird if we didn't even talk to a few humans today."

The dangerous glint in Sanae's eye softens a bit. "Ah, yeah. That's a better idea, isn't it?"

"Of the two, I think so," You say, shrugging. Probably better for the kappa, too - maybe tomorrow she won't want to blast them.

"Me too," She says, "The village, then?"

"Yeah, that sounds good. Let's fly over the farms though to see if we can see anything."

"Ready?"

"Let's go."

The familiar embrace of the wind picks you up once more, and the two of you head out again - full speed from the start this time. She's gotten quite good at this. You decide to try to strike up a conversation as you've got a few minutes before you hit anything habited.

"So, was that Aya person flying the same way as you do?"

"Huh?"

"It looked like she was riding the wind as well," You say, "I was just curious."

"No, that was different."

"What's different?"

"How to explain it..."

You don't really get a satisfactory explanation, but it does pass the time. The forest thins out below you as you converse, and you're clearly in human inhabited land before too long. Harvest time, it seems like. The people are quite busy.

"What's that?" you ask, seeing a large gathering of people near a corner of one of the fields. Other than having a half dozen or so people not harvesting, you can't see what's going on from this height.

"I'm not sure," Sanae says, "Let's check it out."

The two of you float closer, staying overhead to remain mostly unnoticed.

"A shrine, maybe?" You ask. It certainly looks like one of those small, roadside shrines. "Wonder who they're praying to."

"Us, in a few minutes," She says, sounding all fired up again. "Let's go." 

You give an affirmative nod. This is your one job here, after all - to help convert the public. Time to sell it.

"I'll follow your lead."

The two of you descend slowly and without notice down toward the unsuspecting worshippers. And, once on the ground, Sanae spares no time in walking over to them. You follow, just a bit behind.

"Hello!" She calls out, announcing herself. "What's troubling you all?"

They turn, seemingly surprised by you two. Yeah, these people definitely look normal - no animal bits or other strangeness that you can see. They grip their tools as they walk towards you, but only lightly. It's a few younger kids and an older man.

"Who are you?" The old one demands, stepping in front of the crowd. "You don't look familiar."

One of the others turns to him. "Isn't she from the shrine?"

"Nah," The old guy responds, "Colors are wrong. I think? Besides, the shrine maiden there doesn't go out."

"We're from the Moryia shrine," Sanae says confidently, "And I'm the head priestess. Are you looking for a blessing?"

"Moriya shrine?" The old guy asks, clearly at a loss. He turns back to the crowd. "You boys ever heard of that one?"

While they talk among themselves, trying to figure out this mystery, Sanae walks past the group of people and up to the roadside shrine. Again, you follow. She looks it over for a little bit before turning back to the crowd.

"Are you praying for a good harvest?" She asks them. "We can help with that."

That gets them off of whatever discussion they were having. "Yeah. You can help?"

Sanae nods. "Of course. Here, let me show you a little taste." She turns to you for a moment, making it clear that you should follow, then turns to the field. "Over here."

You both walk to the edge of the nearby rice field as the farmers look on. She sits on the ground and prepares... well, you're not quite sure, but you take a similar pose behind her.

After a few moments, she rises to her feet again. "There."

You stand, looking out into the field. The unharvested rice plants within arm's reach have all grown considerable volume. Although you don't think there's any more plants, the ones that are there look like they'd give a whole lot more rice. A whole field of this would be incredible.

"Wow!"

Although you've seen Sanae perform a few feats before, the foremost in your mind being flight, you still can't help but be amazed by this one too. You decide not to subdue your amazement. If anything, it might sell the shrine better.

Sanae, though, seems surprised by your sudden outburst. She turns around. Just as she does, the crowd also joins in.

"Whoa!" "That's amazing!"

Sanae recovers from the initial shock rather abruptly, taking on her previous dignified aura. "As I said, this is just a little taste. If you worship at our shrine, your whole field could look like this."

They don't really know what to make of this, and start conversing amongst themselves. In a moment though, they all prostrate themselves before you.

"Please, Priestess," The old leader starts, looking Sanae in the eye from the ground, "Tell us, where is this shrine?"

"Follow the old merchant path up the nearby mountain, towards the Tengu village," She says, pointing, "We're at the summit. You'll know the trail by the frog markings."

"But..." The old man looks down, "That's incredibly dangerous."

"It's not anymore," Sanae says, "We've made it safe."

"Another miracle!" He yells.

Suddenly, one of the younger ones stands up and looks you in the eye. He's tense. His focus shifts to Sanae. "How do we know these are not youkai?"

The old man sits up and look at him, sternly. "Quiet! Clearly, this is a priestess."

"It's too convenient!" The younger man yells back, "Priestesses don't come and bless fields. They barely leave their shrines! This is a youkai trying to trick us in some way."

"She's a human, just like me," You say, not wanting to stand for that kind of accusation, "Or do you think I'm a youkai, too?"

"Yeah, I do," The man looks to you, the fire still burning in his eyes. "That, or you're under her spell. Ow!"

The old man whacks the back of the younger's head. "I said quiet! Let me handle this."

His wrinkled face turns towards yours. "What family are you from?"

You give your family name, not really thinking much about the question. But, when you do, the old man frowns. "I don't know of that family."

"See! He's --- oof!"

The man is faster and stronger than he looks. With a single movement, he knocks the younger man down into the dirt. "Are you deaf?" he asks the downed man, before turning back to you.

"It's an odd name, too. Sounds made up."

"I don't see why you'd know of it," You shrug, "I'm not from Gensokyo. I appeared here yesterday along with the shrine. And, frankly, it was so amazing that I asked them to let me help them out on their mission. The goddess of the shrine is truly wonderful."

That last bit is somewhat of an exaggeration, but it rolls off the tongue nicely enough.

He looks on for a few moments, but eventually nods. "Hmm." He turns around to face the other men with him. "Do the rest of you believe him?"

"I recognize those shoes," One of them says, pointing down. "When I lived in the outside world, those were popular. I believe him."

You look down. Oh... guess you forgot the sandals in your excitement this morning.

"Yeah, I do too."

"Let's test the rice to see if it's real," another says, "If it's a youkai, it'll be poisoned or wither away soon."

The older man seems satisfied with their responses as well. He turns to Sanae. "What do you take in offering?"

"Money is fine!" She says, smiling, "Although, we really just want you to come and pray. That's more valuable to us than money."

"Come and get eaten, more like," The troublemaker mutters, standing up. He's really not buying it.

He's being a bit more careful this time, keeping one eye on the old man. He pulls out his belt knife, holding it up for you to see. "Here, let me prick your finger with this. It won't do much to a youkai, but if you're human you'll bleed like the rest of us." 

You look to Sanae, because although he's just poking you you imagine he's going to want to pull her in as well. Although you don't exchange words, she seems indifferent towards the thing.

"Fine," You say, extending your left hand, "Go for it."

The man didn't seem to be expecting that response. He looks to the old man who, although not pleased, doesn't seem to care to stop him. He looks back to his knife, then to you.

"Yeah, alright," He says, walking towards you. "Hold still."

He grasps your hand with one of his, then gives you a rather rough poke to your ring finger. And... a bit of a slice, as his hand slips.

"Gah! Sorry."

It's not a bad cut, nor particularly painful, but it's enough that the blood doesn't require much coaxing to come out. You immediately draw your hand back and put some pressure on the cut with your other hand.

"It's fine," You say, taking a step back from the man, "Happy?"

"Yeah," He says, wiping his knife on his trousers, "Sorry. I didn't need to do that."

"No, you did," Sanae says, "And if he's fine with it, you don't need to apologize. But we would appreciate it if you'd offer a few prayers at the shrine."

He nods. "Sure."

"Well," You say, turning to Sanae, "Should we get going?"

Sanae seems OK with that. "Let's. Thank you all in advance!"

The two of you rise into the air, although this time you've got an audience. Once you're out of earshot, Sanae moves you close to her as you two lazily head towards the village. "Let me see your hand. Is it bad?"

"It's not too bad," You say, although as you relieve pressure you see that it's still bleeding and it's starting to stain your fingers. "Ah... well, it's just a flesh wound. I guess it does look kinda gruesome."

"Want me to heal it?" She offers, "You can't go bleeding all over the place." 

You see no real reason to refuse, and she's right - you can't go bleeding all over the place.

"Sure. It's no trouble, is it?"

"Nope!" She says, looking off into the distance. "Let's set down over there. I don't want to be doing too much at once."

The landing spot she picks is rather unremarkable. It's field, like almost everything around here, but it appears to not be quite ready to harvest yet. There's no one around, so the two of you land right in-between some of the rows.

"I can't believe that guy," She says, as you two set down. "You know, you didn't have to do that. Here, give me your hand."

"It worked, didn't it?" You ask, giving her your hand. "If he wasn't so clumsy it wouldn't have even been a problem. And I think we'll be seeing all of them in the future."

She sighs, then looks down at your hand. "Still... wait, hold still. It's probably best if you turn away, too."

You do as asked, turning your gaze out into the field. "Why's that?"

"Miracles are easier when no one is watching."

You wonder what kind of plants these are. Strange looking things. "I guess that makes sense. Does that mean you're just using less of Kanako's faith reserves?"

"Actually," She says, "I'm using my faith for this."

You turn back to face her, confused by that remark. "Huh?"

She looks you in the eyes before scolding you. "Look away, please."

"Right," You say, turning away again. "But you're saying this is your power?"

"Did I forget to mention it earlier?" She asks, "I grant miracles. I'm actually not much like a normal human, so it's good he didn't ask to poke me too. It might not have worked."

You guess in all the excitement yesterday, you didn't really put two and two together. That makes sense. Obviously, she's not a normal human - or else she'd be like you.

"I guess I just assumed it was a priestess thing."

"Well, it sort of is," She says, "But... ah, there. You can turn around now."

You turn around and take a look at your hand. It's perfectly healed - and the dried blood on your other hand is strangely missing as well. You rub the previously wounded finger, and really can't find any fault with it. "Whoa, thanks. Good as new!"

She smiles. "It's nothing. Actually, I don't think I even needed you to turn away."

"Hmm? Sorry, I don't follow."

"You're pretty faithful, aren't you?" She notes, still grinning, "We need a lot of followers like you! Ready?"

You laugh. Yeah, you think you get it. That doesn't explain why blowing two people around on divine wind is easier that healing a cut if someone is looking at it, but you'll leave that one for later. "I guess. After all I've seen, a cut is probably nothing to someone like you."

The wind picks up again and the two of you lazily head skyward again. "That's true. Maybe that's why Kanako thinks there's so much faith to gather here. Huh?"

Sanae's gaze drifts off to her opposite side. You can't see through her, obviously. "What is it?"

"Someone's flying at us." 

"Flying, huh?" You try to look around her, but trying to move while suspended like this doesn't work too well. "Maybe we should see what they want."

"I agree," Sanae says, "Maybe I'll get to practice some more!"

You just laugh. Yeah, you're starting to feel like this isn't a bad side to be on. Sanae begins moving you both towards the figure, and it isn't too long before you can see what it is. Another woman, with hair as blond as her blouse. A reddish-orange hat and dress compliment it, reminding you of fall.

As she draws closer, though, you can tell that she's not pleased about something. "You two!" She finally calls out, "Who are you?"

"Who are you?" Sanae echoes back. Guess she's not going to be polite with this one. "Do you need something?"

"Do you think you can just walk in here and steal my faith?" She asks, coming to rest a few paces from you two. "I have barely enough as it is!"

Sanae pauses for a moment, before having a flicker of realization. "Oh. Was that your shrine?"

You feel yourself begin to drift away from those two. Is Sanae moving you out of the line of fire?

"Yes!" She yells, vehemently, "That old man is one of the few people who even bothers to worship me any more, you can't just take him or his workers!"

"Why not?" Sanae asks, bluntly. "The best shrine should get the most worshippers, right?"

Yeah, you can definitely see where this is going. Another goddess of some kind, and peaceful coexistence doesn't seem to be on the Moriya shrine's list of things to do. You continue to drift away - Sanae seems to have no intention of lowering you to the ground this time. 

"Can we, uh," You say, struggling to wrap your head around even what to say here, "just talk about this? Maybe we can work something out?"

They both just turn to stare at you in response. Yeah, you didn't think so. After pondering just how to respond, they turn back to each other. Ignoring you seems to be mutually agreed on.

"We can't, right?" Sanae asks the goddess. You can tell she's not entertaining the idea. "Not yet, anyway."

"Right," The goddess says, nodding. "Get ready!"

Two things happen simultaneously. First, the battle erupts. Multi-colored bullets fill the sky, although during the day like this it's not nearly as blinding to look at as last night's training was. You instinctively put up your arms.

Secondly, you feel yourself thrown well clear of the battle... but before you lose too much altitude, the wind catches you again. Intentionally, you think, although it isn't nearly as smooth as your normal flight is shaping up to be.

"Yaaaaah!"

When it does catch you, you find yourself hanging upside down at a strange angle. It takes a few moments for you to even make sense of it, and another few to realize the battle is now over your right shoulder. You're... probably far enough away.

Suspended as you are, you can't do much but watch. Most of the bullets seem to be fading out before making it too close to you, although you find yourself flinching as the occasional laser blasts by. It's fascinating to watch. Sanae's patterns are starting to take clearer forms than they were last night. The bullet clouds are starting to take the shape of stars that deform after a while, coming in at odd angles.

The goddess? You can't really tell what hers are supposed to be. They're colorful, at least. Fitting for someone that gets prayers for a harvest.

Regardless, after only a few minutes, the last of the remaining bullets fade out. Judging by their postures, it looks like a clear win for your side. One one hand, that must mean Sanae's getting the hang of this... but on the other, well, you can't help but feel bad for the poor goddess.

She seems to have noticed the state she left you in, because right about then you feel yourself rotate to become upright. You also accelerate back towards them.

... yeah, the goddess is looking pretty rough. That nice dress has a few new holes burnt through it. Sanae looks unscratched, though you think her pride may have grown a bit larger.

You think they were were having a chat while battling, because you show up somewhere in the middle of a conversation.

"By the way," Sanae says, "If you want, you can join our shrine. Then you won't have to worry about losing any faith. I promise we'll treat you well!"

Maybe she should have offered that before beating her up?

"I just want to tend my fields," The goddess says, "And please, stay away from the crops I work so hard on. It's not fair if you just take credit for them." 

"You could do both, couldn't you?"

Again, both of these two turn to look at you. Although, this time, no one looks particularly angry. The goddess just looks... defeated.

"If I say 'I'll think about it', will you two leave me be?"

"No way, we'll just drop by every day to ask if you're convinced yet." Sanae says, "By the way, was that too rough? I didn't have much time to get you out of range."

"What, the air catapult thing?"

Sanae laughs. "Yeah, that. Great name!"

"It was fine once you caught me." Might make a great amusement park ride. You turn to the defeated foe. "Miss Goddess---"

"Minoriko Aki."

"Miss Aki," You correct yourself. "It really would be for the best if you joined us. Sanae would make a great priestess for you."

"I like working alone," She says, defiantly. "I don't know what kind of shrine yours is, but I don't need it."

You doubt you'll be able to convince her on words alone.

"So, who built that one back there?" Sanae asks, before you manage to get to it yourself.

"That old man built it for me," Minoriko says, "It's more like a monument than a shrine, technically. He doesn't listen when I say he can just leave his offerings in the field and it'll work just as good."

"You mainly stick around these fields, then?" You ask, fishing around a bit for information.

"Couldn't you tell?" She asks, sounding disappointed. "The soil is way too poor for those sweet potatoes to be that big on their own. I put a lot of work in to keeping them healthy! Come to the harvest festival, and it'll be obvious which ones I helped with."

Minoriko hasn't directly said it, but you can imagine this is more than a problem about the old man. It sounds like she's been working these fields for a while, but you two showed up and promised to outdo all of the work she's done.

"I couldn't, sorry, I'm not much of a farmer." You apologize, "But you're saying you've been working towards this harvest for a while now?"

"That's what I do," Minoriko says, "Every year for as long as I can remember."

You turn to Sanae. "That's pretty impressive, isn't it? It sounds a bit like art."

Sanae thinks about it for a moment. "Well, it was pretty hard to improve on the rice! There wasn't much wrong with it to begin with."

"I just thought I'd mention it," You say, not really wanting to go as far as to question Sanae in front of another goddess. Turning to Minoriko, you add "I'm looking forward to seeing your crops at the festival."

Again, Sanae pauses. You think she does get what you're getting at, because she adds. "Me too! But, if you're doing all that work, you aren't managing all these fields... are you? That seems like it would be tough."

Minoriko laughs. "No, no. Only that one, and that, and... that one, and..." She continues for a while, pointing out a few dozen plots. Not insignificant, but not a large number either. "Can you at least not disturb those for now?"

Sanae seems reluctant to do so, but she does agree. "Lady Kanako might have other ideas, but I think we can leave them alone. You know, if you'd join us, we could---"

"I'll think about it," Minoriko answers, using the tone she used before. Still a no, then, but tempers have cooled a bit. You imagine she won't try to blast you next time you meet unless you do something to provoke her again.

"Please do," You say, turning again to Sanae. "Should we get going to the village?"

Sanae seems fine with that. "Yes, we should get going," She nods, before turning back to the goddess. "It was nice to meet you. Do well with your harvest!"

Minoriko nods. "I will, thank you."

With that situation resolves, the two of you take off in the direction of the village. Lazy speed this time.

"She'll join us eventually," Sanae says cheerfully, "So I'd say that went well. This is a good day so far."

"Really?" You ask, confused, "How do you know?"

"Because it's really not much of a difference if she joins us or not. And if everyone else prays for the fields next to hers, it'll be clear who's better at making a good crop."

"What happens when a god runs out of faith?"

"Native gods like her? They die," Sanae says, "But, I don't think she'd have to worry about that in Gensokyo. I think she'd just end up tending maybe a plant or two."

Brutal. "It must be tough to be a god. Not that I thought I'd ever say that."

"If she'd join," Sanae says, "We'd let her tend the fields and give her a portion of the shrine's faith to do it."

"Has that ever happened before?" You wonder out loud, "We seem to be zero for two so far."

"You'll have to ask Kanako," Sanae says, deflecting the question. "I know of at least one, so it's not unheard of. Asking all these native gods to join was Kanako's idea after all - she seemed to think it would go smoother than this."

You laugh. "Well, maybe we shouldn't be beating them all up. Should I ask what happened to that one that joined you?"

Sanae hesitates. "... It's an old story, and Kanako tells it better than me. You really should ask her."

For now, you decide not to pry too much. You'll just add it to your list of questions to ask the big boss next time you get the chance. She doesn't seem like the type to zap you for a dumb question.

"Maybe I'll ask her over dinner," You say, "So, if a god does join, how does faith work?"

"Ah, that one's easy!" Sanae smiles. "The shrine as a whole takes in faith, and that faith gets distributed to the member gods."

"Like a pyramid scheme?" You ask, light-heartedly.

Sanae laughs. "Um... like a company, I guess, with faith being the wages."

"With Kanako as the CEO? Seems like that fits. No wonder no one wants to join."

"Please don't think of it that way," Sanae says, trying to keep a straight face, "We give equal pay to everyone. It's really not a bad idea for them to join."

You two talk for a bit about nothing much in particular as you head towards your new target - the human village. There does only seem to be one here, as you learned earlier, so it doesn't have a name other than that. It's fairly large for a small village, and quite busy.

"How do you want to do this?" You ask, "I think I'll plan on telling my story if it comes up, but I'd like to know what's coming."

"Hmm..."

The two of you hover over the village for a while, pondering. Finally, Sanae asks "Do you think we should do one big miracle or see if we can find people to help with small ones?"

"Small, definitely," You say, "I think if we go big, we might stir things up a bit too much."

She nods. "Small it is then. Let's just wander around a bit helping people."

To not be too conspicuous, she sets you two down just outside the town itself and you walk in together. It's quite lively, lots of people wandering around and plenty of small-scale street vendors selling everyday things.

You can see why Hina wanted to bring you to this place - unlike the forest or the mountain, it's all humans, and you notice that very few of them are armed. Seems relatively safe. If people just appearing in Gensokyo is common, this would be the place to bring them.

For a while, you just follow what seems like a main street until you come to the square in what's probably the middle of town. Very lively, enough so that even though your clothes stick out people don't really take note of you.

"Wow," You say to Sanae, "Busy. How are we going to find someone who needs help?"

"I guess we'll just look," She says, "The square's probably the right place for that."

So, you do that.

The two of you watch for a while, but most everyone seems to just be going about their business. Clearly, no one is just going to come up and ask you for help, and these people seem stoic enough that they're not going to go around asking for it unprovoked. 

"Maybe we should be a little more proactive here," You suggest, "No one is stopping or looking like they need help. I wonder if it would work better if we were like that guy."

You point to man who's been selling an awful lot of apples since you've been here - and you imagine, in part, because he's got someone out front yelling what a good deal they are. The suggestion is a bit of a joke, but Sanae decides to play along.

"Maybe," Sanae says, "It's the assistant's job to call people over, right?"

You laugh a bit. "That sounds right. What are we, uh, 'selling'?"

Sanae thinks for a moment. "Small miracles and exorcisms?"

"Let's give it a shot. Need a minor miracle? How bout an exorcism? We want to help you out, no charge!"

You try it for a while, but like most of the other merchants around you're mostly treated as background noise. Eventually, your voice starts to give out, so you decide to take a break from the yelling.

"Man," You say, "Do these people not need our help?"

Sanae frowns. "I can't believe they don't. Maybe we should try something else?" 

"Maybe we should go big and flashy, instead?" You wonder, "You know, make it impossible to ignore."

Sanae and you watch the crowd as she thinks it over. "It still needs make the shrine look good," She says, "So we'd need to find something needing a big miracle."

"Hmm."

You continue to scan the square. "Building repair?"

Sanae shakes her head, "No, we don't want them getting lazy."

"Lazy?"

"It's too much work if people rely on you for everything."

"Ah, I see. So we'd want something they can't do on their own."

"Or somethign urgent that's just too big to do on their own," Sanae notes, "Or maybe a lot of little things at once."

Try as you might, though, you just can't think of anything. Well, nothing wholesome, anyway - you could certainly stage something like that, but getting caught would be pretty bad. You decide not to mention those things.

"Haah," Sanae finally sighs, "I think we need a miracle."

You two ponder it for a few more minutes. A clear voice in distress calls out, and on looking up, you see a panicked man running into the square.

"Fire! Fire at the forge!"

How convenient. You turn to Sanae, and quietly ask "... that wasn't one of yours, was it?"

She gives you a light tap with her paper wand. "No! But it works."

"Yeah," You say, "Let's go."

The two of you run up to the man, confirm that the fire is just down the street, then continue running. It's not hard to find due to the smoke. The fire looks like it's started under the roof, near the top of the building, with the smoke and a few tongues of flame pouring out from under the shingles.

Sanae wastes no time kneeling before the building, and you kneel at her side.

"What are you going to do?" You ask her.

"Put it out."

"How?"

"Just pray," She sternly says, taking a more rigid posture. 

Right, no time to fool around. You hope she can do this. You also stiffen your stance

"Get water!"

"We need a ladder!"

As you sit still and pray, you hear people moving about all around you. A man bumps into you as you sit, nearly knocking you over.

"Hey! Help us!"

"We are," You answer curtly, not bothering to open your eyes.

*Drip*

Something wet lands on your head.

*Drip, drip*

Rain? You open one eye. It's sunny, like it was earlier.

*DripdripdrooooSH*

Out of nowhere, it begins to pour even while the sun hangs in the sky. The sound of the people running about is drown out by the din of the sudden shower and the crash of something heavy. The bit of the roof that was on fire caves in, leaving the flames exposed for just a moment before they get hit by the deluge.

The roar of the rain and the sound of the steam is intense. But after a few moments of it, it's clear the fire won't last too long against the sky and the flames shift to smoke and steam.

Much like it came, the rain leaves just as suddenly. Sanae stands up smoothly, although soaked, as if she's able to just ignore what just happened. Your legs are a bit unsteady, but you also stand.

Most of the people around have taken shelter under the eaves of nearby buildings, with a few still hauling water back and forth. The fire isn't fully extinguished, but it's not out of control any more. They'll be able to get it out once they find a ladder.

"Hah!" You can't help but cry out, "We did it!"

Sanae turns around, smiling broadly, just as people start cheering. Yeah, you guess they noticed that one. It's not too long before Sanae, and you, find yourself mobbed by people asking where you are from.

You let Sanae give the usual introduction, while you also play your role of "man who joined due to the power of the shrine". It's almost a bit overwhelming, and you can see it's not really going to stop any time soon. 

You wriggle your way through the crowd over to Sanae. This is a little too much, you think. It's probably good, for various reasons, if you get out of here.

"Sanae," You call out to her, trying to get your voice above the crowd, "It's nearly time for the thing. We should get going."

She looks puzzled. "The thing?"

"Yeah," You say, "That important thing we've got to do back at the shrine."

There's a flicker of realization in her eyes as she seems to get what you're saying. "Ah, yeah, the thing. Are you ready now?"

"I'm ready," You say, "Are you?"

"Yep. Everyone," She says, "We need to go, but we'll offer blessings at our shrine!"

Again, there's a rather lot of concern when she tells them where the shrine is, but you think the two of you manage to convince them that it's safe to travel to. After prying yourself from the crowd, you rise into the air. You to wave as you rise above and away from the village.

"I guess that was big enough," You laugh, "Wow."

Sanae laughs with you. "Yeah. And I think we left a good impression! What's so important, anyway."

"Look behind us."

That entire section of town is out in the street trying to catch a look of your departure.

"They're gonna be curious about the shrine now, I think," You say, "Probably more curious than if we had stayed."

Sanae ponders it all for a moment. "... good thinking. I bet we'll see a few of them come up!"

"If we weren't on the mountain this would be a lot easier," You laugh, "I bet they'd all go if we were just outside of town."

"It has to be on the mountain," Sanae says, "If you'd seen us before we moved, we were on a really nice cliff. We really do 'earth and sky' at our shrine, so, a mountain really is the best place."

"Oh? Interesting. I guess I never asked about that either. I guess rain fits with that."

"Yep," Sanae says, "That rain was Kanako's. I guess she's done with the Tengu. Where do you think we should go next?"

You're not sure of the time, but if you had to guess you did kill an hour or three since lunch. Maybe enough time to scope out the lower part of the trail, but it's been a long day. 

"We really should check that merchant trail leading up to the tengu," You say, "How many people have we told about it now?"

"A lot," Sanae nods, "Yeah, let's do that."

A lazy arc brings you around to face the direction you should be going. "Getting the upper trail made is probably going to need done sooner rather than later, too."

"No one is going to come today," Sanae says, "So we can worry about that tomorrow. How long do you think it would take to walk up the mountain?"

As the two of you fly, you try to plot it out in your head. You think you can see the river from here, or at least the dent it leaves in the canopy. "I'm not sure. It's probably an all-day trip, regardless."

"All day... I hope we did enough today, then."

"Well, I'm just guessing. Maybe it's a really nice trail. Which side should we start from?"

"The down-mountain side," You say, "Though I think we probably don't want to walk the whole thing."

Sanae nods. "I think you're right. I hope we can see it well enough from the air."

As you head over the fields, you notice that the rain really did only occur over the village. The glistening grass begins about a quarter mile away, trailing into the village on a path only maybe thirty feet wide.

"So, Kanako sent that shower, huh? What kind of god is she, anyway?"

"She did. And, well, you'd better ask her."

You chuckle. "Is it something bad? I mean, we've met a curse goddess today, I can't imagine it's worse than that."

Sanae shakes her head. "It's just complicated. But sky, rain, and wind are part of it."

"Wind... that explains some things about you, too."

She nods. "I am her priestess. And I think she'll be happy to tell you, so don't worry about asking her questions."

"I'll try not to. She's pretty intimidating when she wants to be, though."

"That's true," Sanae laughs, looking off to the horizon. After a few moments, she adds, "It's a weird thought, but this mountain is pretty intimidating, too. Don't you think?"

You take your focus off the landscape that you're flying over and bring it to the horizon. It is a pretty prominent mountain - you think you can picture what it would look like from the farms, although you didn't think to look earlier.

"A fitting place for a god. I think you're right about the location, even if it is inconvenient."

Sanae looks like she realizes something, but doesn't mention it to you. Instead, she looks downward, scanning for the start of this path. You do too, vaguely recalling the huge boulder that's supposed to be the landmark to find it by.

Eventually, you spot it. You point it out, and the two of you descend. A huge boulder, just as described, with what look like wagon cart tracks. The trail looks like something you can follow from the air if you take it slow. The tree's alongside have grown their branches over it, but they haven't covered it completely.

"Should we go through the woods, or over them?" Sanae asks. It seems like an odd question at first, but then you realize that going through means either flying close to the ground or flying close to tree limbs. You also might be able to see more of the area from the air.

"Let's go through," You say, "I'm not sure we can gage it well from the air."

"Ok," Sanae says, "Let's gooo!"

Rather suddenly, you dive down and shoot through the opening. Close and fast. You guess you'll try to enjoy this, although it might be difficult. Just... focus on the path, you guess, and not the branches above your head.

The path itself does seem in decent shape. Maybe a bit rough, but the cart tracks lead quite a ways in before shifting over to a wide foot path. Aside from some issue where trees have fallen across it, it's quite passable, at least in the forest stretch.

That is, up until you come across signs of a scuffle. Sanae slows as you do. There's a torn pack and various good strewn about. Mainly rice and bundles of cloth/leather.

"That's not good," Sanae says, bringing the two of you down to land in front of it. "A fight?"

"Seems like it," You say, looking around. "I wonder how long ago this was?"

"It's just a guess, but the rice still looks dry." You note. "So, maybe not too long."

There's a clear path of snapped branches leading off into the woods.

"Do you think it's worth checking it out?" Sanae asks. 

"I guess so," You say, peering down the path of trampled underbrush, "It's recent enough that maybe we'll find whoever was part of it."

"Or whatever," Sanae notes, "It's a little thick to fly. Should we walk?"

"Lets."

You both step into the forest. This part is a bit more overgrown than the part of the forest you were in earlier, and the trees are shorter. You see the occasional stump as well. Humans were probably using this land at some point, although it doesn't seem like it sees much use outside of the trail your on. There's not much of that ominous feeling you had earlier, either.

Even the not-trail isn't too bad to follow, you decide. This isn't difficult terrain, at least not down here. you imagine it gets worse the further up the mountain you get.

The two of you follow it for a while, until eventually, you start to smell something foul upwind. Rotten. It's enough to make you gag a bit, though you manage to keep your lunch down.

As you draw closer though, you're surprised - it's not a human, like you'd feared, but some kind of beast. Huge, but different than the kind you saw earlier.

"What... is it?" You ask, quietly, trying your best not to take in too much of the smell. Damn, that's foul.

"I'm not sure," Sanae says, looking a bit nauseous herself. "I'm going to do something about the smell though."

In a few moments, the breeze blowing through the area shifts from being on your front to being on your back. And, with it, the smell gets blown off towards... wherever.

"Haaah, that's much better."

"Whatever it is, it's pretty dead," Sanae notes from in front of you. "And pretty gross."

You draw closer, but not too close. It's clearly slashed in various places, with bits of it hanging out. Pretty grizzly scene, to be honest.

"Wow, yeah. I wonder what did this?"

As you ponder, you notice that you can hear what sounds like water further ahead. You wonder if that's the river that this trail runs along?

"Well," Sanae says, turning back towards you, "We found it. Maybe a human killed it? Kanako did say that the humans around here are really strong."

Yeah, you've had about enough looking yourself, so you also turn away. "I guess that could be from a blade."

"We should head back," Sanae says, "I don't think there's anything we can really do if we don't have a trail to follow."

"Don't we need to, ah, burn the body or something?" You ask.

Sanae laughs. "No, it's not a zombie! At least, not right now. Let's go." 

"Listen. Does it sound like there's water nearby to you?" You ask, "I wonder if that's the river."

Sanae listens for a moment. "... huh, I do hear it."

"Let's head that way instead," You suggest, "I'm curious about it."

She nods. "If that's the river, we should find the trail that way."

So, rather than head backwards, you two head forwards. As you do, you faintly notice the breeze shift again to keep you upwind of the carcass. At least Sanae isn't going to make you smell that the entire way.

It turns out you were both right, you find, when you arrive. The trail, or at least you assume it's the same trail, is running up next to the water you heard. You see the same signs of use, anyway.

The river doesn't look very deep, being filled with stones and gravel washed down the mountain, but its plenty wide. You wouldn't want to try to cross it.

"So this is the river," You say, breaking the silence. "Looks pretty pristine."

"Are you thirsty?" Sanae asks, "We could stop for a rest." 

"I wouldn't mind a rest," You say, "This looks like a nice spot."

"Good," Sanae responds, looking relieved, "I could keep going, but I think a short rest is a good idea."

Squatting down next to the water, you can see that it looks clear enough. "I wonder if it's safe to drink."

"Here," She says, handing you a small wooden cup over your shoulder, "It'll be safe."

"Where'd you get this?" You wonder. It's not like either of you brought any sort of gear with you.

"Don't worry about it," She smiles, squatting next to you, "Let's drink."

You decide not to worry about it, find a fallen tree nearby, and take a seat while you drink. Sanae follows your lead. The cool water and taking a load off your legs does feel good - though, you think you're mentally exhausted as well. Probably just the shock finally wearing off.

Neither of you says much. Rest can include silence, too, so you both just sit and watch the river flow by. It won't be long before these leaves start to turn either, you think. A few of the trees you can see have already turned.

Eventually, though, you feel the need to break it after your cup runs dry.

"Want another?" you ask, noticing Sanae's cup being empty as well.

Sanae nods. "Thanks."

You take both and head down to the riverside. As you are down there, you see something floating down stream. It's a ways out, but you snatch up a convenient nearby branch and pull it in. It's some kind of dark cloth, but it's all waded up.

"What's that?" Sanae calls out, still some distance away. She doesn't seem keen on giving up her rest that easily.

"Not sure," You answer back. After fiddling with it for a bit, you figure it out - it's something resembling trousers. Something like the style the villagers were wearing.

"Oh, here we go," You say, turning around to display your find. You hold the soggy pants out in front of you. "They'd be a little big on me, I think. Weird."

"Really weird," Sanae says, "I can't even imagine... is someone going for a swim?"

She's sounding a bit spaced out, much like she was before after talking with Hina. It might be worth giving her some more time to rest. 

And besides, it's weird, but it's not rush off worthy. It came from the direction you are heading, so you'll figure it out eventually. Or not.

"Well," you say, neatly laying your newfound pants down on the bank, "I guess we'll find out when we head upstream. Or maybe someone will come looking for them."

"It seems like a weird thing to lose," Sanae says, as you return with her water. "Ah, thanks."

You return to your seat next to her. "I've seen weirder things today. It's hard to care much about it, to be honest."

Sanae laughs. "Well, you're doing a good job! Though I feel a little bad saying it, since you didn't really have much choice in joining us."

You shrug. "Eh, I'm having fun. Even if I'm having a hard time keeping up."

"It's a lot even if you know what's going on," Sanae says, sighing a bit, "I'm beat. I think after we reach the Tengu village, we should head back to the shrine."

You look along the river, trying to follow it up the mountain. "That's still a ways, isn't it?"

"Well, it's on the way," Sanae says, "Don't worry, I'll make sure not to leave you stranded or anything."

"I'm more worried about you. Don't work too hard, ok?"

She nods. "I won't. But we shouldn't slack off, either."

"Agreed."

Again, you two fall back into river-watching. It's a bit comforting to know she's actually got some limits like a normal person. Honestly, after all you've seen today, you were starting to wonder.

As you watch the river, you start to notice some oddities. Abnormal bits of foam. Splashes. They're subtle, but up until now, you'd not noticed them at all.

"Is that new?"

"Is what new?" Sanae asks.

"Look."

Another ripple. This one is quite big, actually.

"That."

"Huh. That's new."

The river isn't exactly deep enough to hold much of anything, although you guess it could be fish. Or... well, no. Thinking "something youkai related" in Gensokyo around random mundane things is liable to turn you into a conspiracy nut. 

You wanna check it out. Looking at your cup, you can see that it's nearly empty again, so that's a reasonable excuse.

"More water?" You ask Sanae. "I'm gonna go see what that all is."

"Oh," She says, looking down and noticing hers is nearly empty as well. "Sure. Thanks!"

You take both and make your way over to the river, treading lightly but not conspicuously so. But rather than the spot you used last time to fill up, you head upstream a ways nearer to where you'd been seeing the disturbances.

Seems the water gets quite deep up here, actually. Or maybe it's just some strange way the light reflects off this part of the bed. Either way, you can't see the bottom.

*Fwoooosh!*

Without any warning, a giant fountain of water erupts from the river. You fall backwards from the shock.

"What---?"

... and with even less warning, during the distraction, something grabs your leg.

"Help!"

A hand? No, as you reach down to pull it off, you find that it's some kind of rubber and it's attached to two sets of zig-zagging metal bars. Almost like one of those things you'd use for grabbing items off a top shelf.

"What is it?" Sanae asks, having made it up to your side. "Wait, what's that?"

The grabbing tool does what it looks like it should do, and gives your leg a good tug. You manage to brace yourself with your other leg to avoid being pulled into the river.

"It's pulling me in," You manage, while trying to force the grabber open, "Help!"

Sanae reaches down to help you yank whatever this thing is off. As she does, another one shoots out of the water - this time, taking your arm. It wastes no time tugging, and were it not for Sanae taking firm hold of you you'd have tumbled into the water.

The situation is looking rather dire. A blast of light takes care of both arms, severing one bar from each to render the unable to grip. Judging by Sanae's pose you imagine it was her. The sudden lack of grabbers sends you both tumbling back.

"What the heck?" You yell, standing up immediately. "Who's there?"

No answer. In fact, the water seems still again. But you do feel like something is still watching you from down there. 

"Come out!" Sanae demands, "We know you're down there!"

If she's fired up, you've got no problem supporting her. You got lucky, but who knows what'd happen if someone else came across that thing first. And that does seem likely, given how close the trail is to the river.

Still, the murky water doesn't really answer Sanae's demand either. You turn to her. "I don't think they're listening."

"Oh," She says, "I'll make them listen! Ha!"

Again, you're knocked over, but this time by a violent wind. The river parts before your eyes - mostly, anyway - and you can see the bed about a man's height down. But, you notice something odd about it.

"A cave?" You yell, trying to be heard over the wind. Sanae nods, but the wind falters before you can really react.

"Haaaa... ok," Sanae says, sounding exhausted, "Come out of there, or we'll come after you! No one attacks the Moriya shrine and gets away with it!"

Scary. But not scary enough, it seems - again, the water remains still.

"It's probably the Kappa," Sanae says, making you recall the conversation you had earlier with Hina, "They do this kind of thing. Well, usually, they just drag you in... I don't know what those extendo-arms were."

"I wonder if there's another entrance?" You ask, "She said they were further upstream in some kind of obvious ravine."

As you think through your options, you recall something about them being particularly proud, and curious... you decide to try something. 

You wonder if they can hear you down there? Rather than finding an entrance yourself, maybe making them come to you would be better.

"If they weren't such cowards," You start, "We wouldn't even have to look."

Sanae gives you a strange look, as if she wasn't expecting you to get angry like that. It's non-verbal, but you give her a slight smile to tell her not to worry too much about that or what's coming next.

"I mean, they couldn't even manage to drag one human under," You continue, turning to Sanae, "And those grapple devices looked pretty flimsy. Did you even do much to them?"

"Not much," She says, looking honest. "They were pretty weak."

"Why even bother, I wonder? Maybe they're just too scared to show themselves---"

"We are not! We'll drag you down right now if you're not careful!"

A voice calls out in protest from the river. Turning to look, you see three heads bobbing in the water looking at you with fiery eyes. All three of them are wearing various caps. Well, you got them to come up - but maybe you overdid it?

"Sanae!"

"Yep!"

Again, that vicious wind displaces most of the water in a dramatic downburst. You manage to brace yourself this time, half-expecting it, but the kappa are not so lucky - the strong gust pushes them onto the river bank just downstream of you. It's far enough that you don't feel in any danger.

The one with the large backpack manages to get back on her feet first.

"Rude! You two are just rude! Do you think you can treat the kappa genius like this?"

"You weren't going to come out otherwise, were you?"

"Why's it matter?" The kappa asks, straightening out her clothes and hat. "We've got no business with you."

They don't seem to be bailing back into the river, so maybe you've got their attention now.

"No business?" You ask, "Didn't you just try to eat me?"

"You looked tasty!" One of the kappa calls out, "It's a compliment! I still wanna suck that---"

"H-hey," The leader says, turning around to quiet her companion, "Yeah, I mean, we did - but we're done with that now. So we've got no business with you. So, we'll just be going..."

"Hold it," Sanae says, as you consider your options, "I'm Sanae, the priestess of the Moriya shrine. We're trying to make this path safe. If you're going to make it unsafe, we've got business with you."

"I'm Nitori," The leader says, resigning herself to staying a bit. "Kappa inventor extraordinaire. This is Midori, and this is Kiyori."

"Hi!"

"Hello."

You greet them in kind, although you're unable to ignore that these are kappa and they just tried to drown you a minute ago. Sanae seems to want to try her luck with diplomacy, so you just resolve yourself to fuming a bit.

"What do we need to do to make it so no humans would get attacked here?" She asks, eliciting a laugh from all three kappa.

"Not gonna happen," Kiyori says, "Is it?"

"Nope," Nitori says, "Kappa do what they want in kappa lands. And that's where you are right now."

"How far from the river do you claim?" Sanae asks.

"The whole valley is ours, up to the waterfall and down to the edge of the forest."

"Isn't this trail for trading, though?" Sanae asks, "I can't imagine you get much trade if you just eat everyone."

"We don't eat everyone," Midori butts in, "Just some who look really tasty! Like your friend. And that trader from earlier, for example---"

"Quiet," Nitori says, "Yeah, we don't eat everyone. Not even most! Actually, we're pretty peaceful as far as the mountain goes! Eating no humans is ridiculous, but we leave most of them alone."

Kappa, what they eat, and those pants from earlier... ah. A wave of realization washes over you. That might solve that mystery, then. The poor guy probably wandered up to the river like you two did, and, well, didn't have someone like Sanae nearby. 

"Wait, you murdered him?"

The question just kind of escapes from your mouth without too much thought. It's one thing to see it, or hear it talked about in a distant way. But, it's quite another to be talking face to face with people who just killed less than an hour ago.

"Hm?" Kiyori asks, "What's the problem?"

... and apparently one who don't care.

"He was an outsider, so it's fine~" Midori muses.

"Gah," Nitori frowns, "Come on. It's not really murder if it's killing for food, is it? Don't get the wrong idea."

"I don't think it's a problem," Sanae says, turning to you, "Gensokyo is a dangerous place. We just need to make sure it's not too dangerous."

Suddenly finding yourself in a one against four situation, you decide to drop it. Yeah. It's really fortunate you ran into someone like Sanae - a miracle, in fact. Presumably the one that dragged you here in the first place.

"So," Sanae says, "If it's not going to be a problem, I guess we don't really have any other business. Can you think of anything?"

You can't really think of anything else right now, so you just shake your head. Nitori looks disappointed at that, though.

"Really?" She pipes up, "You're not even going to keep us here against our will?"

Sanae looks to you, confused. You probably look about the same. What is this person even talking about.

"You're not," Nitori says, scratching the back of her head. "Huh. Well. I'm gonna test it anyway. Kappa Smoke Screen!"

With a yell, she pulls some kind of rip cord on her pack, causing a massive plume of fog to roll forth from it. Within just a few seconds, it coats the entire area, leaving you unable to see more than a few inches in front of your face. 

"W-what the heck?" You say, fruitlessly trying to wave the odorless fog from your face, "What is this? Get back here!"

Sanae starts giggling, and the giggling is apparently infectious because you soon start as well. Yeah, there's no reason to be too angry about this. This is a different world, so you should expect different things to happen even if they are ghastly. And those kappa are ridiculous.

In about a minute or so the fog clears, leaving just you two alone on the bank. Strangely, the pants have also vanished.

"Well," Sanae says, trying to regain her composure, "That's that then, right?"

"I guess so," You say, "They ninja'd right out of here. Kappa ninjas. Imagine that."

"I didn't even get to beat them up," Sanae says, laughing, "Maybe they saw that coming?"

Yeah, you're feeling a bit better now. "You don't have to beat everyone you meet up, do you?"

After a bit of unwinding, the two of you feel energized enough to continue along the trail. You try to put the thought of the dead man out of your mind. Poor bastard, but you guess that's why Hina was so insistent on getting you to the village.

You scare a few deer and get agrily chittered at by some squirrels, but nothing dangerous happens along your trek. The terrain quickly shifts from forest to steep valley, and at the head of the valley is a massive waterfall.

"So this is the valley Hina was talking about," You pant, the steepness of this terrain making you tired. "Pretty."

"It is," Sanae says. She sounds a bit tired as well, "I think we can fly now. There's not much for trees here."

Indeed, the trail winds up a rather steep cliff for a ways, but you can mostly see where it goes from even the ground. You wouldn't want to carry a pack of goods up there, but it looks doable and at least somewhat maintained.

"Yeah, I don't wanna walk up that either."

It's certainly much easier by air, you decide, as that familiar feeling lifts you up the cliff.

As you head up, you get the feeling of being watched again. That's right, this is tengu territory now. Although you should have a free pass to move through here, you suspect they're gonna watch you closely. 

After cresting the cliff, you recognize where you are - right on the tengu's front doorstep. Sanae doesn't seem to be heading any particular direction, opting instead to take in the view.

"Back to the shrine, then?" You ask, after a bit. "We probably shouldn't linger here too long."

Sanae nods, and the two of you start moving in that general direction. "Sounds fine to me. I think I'm going to take a nap when we get back."

"I don't know about a nap," You say, "But yeah, I'm gonna take a rest myself."

You don't see any Tengu on your return, but you do still have that odd feeling of being watched the entire way up.

On your return you see that Kanako has been busy. The torii and the path itself are all pristine, and there's a good hundred steps or so leading up to them now up the steep part of the slope. All stone.

"Wow," You say, "This looks pretty much done. I guess I didn't mess it up too badly."

"Yep, this is pretty much back to normal," Sanae says, "We didn't have a huge slope in our old location, so we only had a few steps."

"Good to see I didn't disrupt things too much."

Sanae laughs. "Kanako was just giving you a hard time, you know? Even if you hadn't appeared, we'd have some cleanup to do."

The two of you land in the courtyard.

"Haa... I really do think I'm going to take a nap," Sanae says, letting out a big yawn, "You'll be alright by yourself, won't you?"

"I think so," You say, "Doubt anyone is going to come up here just to eat me."

With a wave, she heads off towards the living quarters. Yeah, she deserves that nap... you decide to kill some time by poking around the shrine grounds, rather than making too much noise inside the living quarters. You've still got maybe an hour or two of daylight left. 

You've been meaning to check out the area behind the shrine. From the air, it looks like quite a big bit of water - a large pond or a small lake. Now's as good of a time as any.

Although the shrine grounds are on "top" of the mountain, there's an area just above the top that contains the lake. It reminds you a bit of one of those old volcano lakes. There is a brick paved trail leading up, but it's not nearly as grand as the one leading up to the shrine.

The trail ends at the rim of the lake basin, terminating in just a small platform with an even smaller shrine on it. Said shrine is not even as large as you are. Although there's a wind blowing, the water remains like glass.

Curiously, it seems to have grown perhaps a hundred log pillars over the course of the day, all of them adorned with rope. You don't think you would have missed them from the air, so they must be new. Clearly, this is part of the shrine, too... so you get the feeling that you shouldn't head down and take a swim.

Well, this is as good of a place as any to take your rest. You take a seat on the cool stone, just beside the mini-shrine, and take in the sight. You hear a few frogs croaking, but aside from the wind, there's nothing else. Serene.

"Ribbit"

You turn your head. Seems not all the frogs are down in the lake. There's one all the way up here, watching you from its' perch in the mini-shrine.

"Ribbit." 

"You lost, little guy?"

The frog looks at you blankly. How did it even end up that far off the ground, anyway? It's not like frogs will climb.

"Come on," You decide, "We'll get you back into the water."

You gently prod it with one of your hands while cupping the other. Unconcerned, it wriggles it's way into your hand and looks at you.

"Ribbit."

"Yeah," You ask, carefully bringing it down to the water. "Just a short trip."

There's no real path leading down to the water itself, and whatever process brought the whole grounds here didn't really bring any vegetation around the edges, so it's bare rock and dirt mostly. Difficult to navigate when one hand - but you manage.

When you near the water's edge, you see more than a few frogs watching you. They don't seem too concerned with your movements.

"Head back to your friends, now," You say, placing it near the waters edge. With a powerful hop, it heads back into the water and swims away.

"Talking to frogs, are we? Did Sanae break you while you two were out?"

A voice calls out to you, breaking the stillness of the lake. Startled, you look up. Perched on one of the nearby pillars is Kanako.

"He looked a bit out of place up there," You call back, "Thought I'd bring him back to the water."

It feels a bit odd, but after spending all day with Sanae, you feel much more comfortable with the idea of just casually talking with a goddess. Her presence still triggers something primal in you, but it's less like fear now and more... something else.

Kanako laughs heartily as she leaves her perch, descending to you, "I bet he was just watching you. The frogs here are known to do that."

She looks to be floating more towards the mini-shrine than you, so you do the same. The walk back up the bank is much easier with both hands.

"Well, who knows," You offer, turning back around to face her, "Did you do all this while we were out?"

"Who else would have done it?"

"... true. It's really impressive."

"Actually," Kanako says, shrugging off the compliment, "Rather than asking if you're broken, maybe I should be asking if you broke Sanae instead. I went to check in with her and she was fast asleep. Busy day?" 

"Very," You say, gazing back out over the lake, "Are you busy right now? I could tell you about it."

"Busy, yes," She says, taking a new seat - this time, on the platform holding the mini-shrine. "But I could use a rest myself. Actually, that's what I was doing before I noticed you."

Feeling a bit odd being the only one standing, you also return to sitting. "Gods get tired too, huh?"

"Only when our priests and priestesses can't bring in enough followers," Kanako says, though it's clearly in jest. "You did manage to find some, didn't you?"

"Well... sort of. I'll just recount the whole day."

"Go on."

You decide to tell the whole thing, from beginning to end, starting with when you left the tengu village. First, you dealt with Hina, didn't you? You leave out the bit about the fairies, focusing instead on the battle and the rather lengthy education afterwards. You also mention trying to recruit her.

Kanako seems content to listen, nodding occasionally, so you decide to focus on the story and not your questions about the little things that came up.

Curiously, another frog seems to have taken up a spot in the mini-shrine. It, too, seems to be listening - although you're not sure how much a frog could understand. You continue.

Next was... lunch, and that tengu reporter, Aya. You recount the interview as best as you can, including the odd line of questioning. When you make it to the bit the opening event, the freebies, and the state of the path Kanako speaks up.

"That was smart," She says, somewhat suddenly, "Who's idea was that?"

"Both of ours, really," You say, shrugging, "We hashed it out in the back."

Unsatisfied, Kanako asks again, "No, how did you get from the interview to hashing it out?" 

You briefly consider taking credit for the whole thing, but decide not to.

"Well, I just mentioned the idea," You say, "Sanae agreed that it might be good so we went to discuss it."

Kanako seems a bit more appreciative of that answer. "Showing some initiative, I like that. Sorry, continue."

Feeling a bit awkward after being praised by a god, you take a few moments to recount where you were. "Right. So after the reporter left, we decided to make our way down to the village..."

Your retelling of the day's events echoes over the calm lake as Kanako and the frog listen. Neither seems bored, so perhaps you're doing a good job. You recount your encounter with the worshippers, Minoriko, and your trip to the village.

"... so, we ran to investigate and found the smith building on fire."

Just as you get to the part about the fire, Kanako speaks up.

"And then, a miraculous rain-storm put out the fire, right?"

"Oh," You say, "I guess you would know this part already."

"Actually, no," Kanako says, "I was just working away up here. Sanae asked for some heavy rain, so I sent some. She doesn't usually ask lightly, or think to tell me why half the time. Was my guess right?"

You nod. "It showed up in a few moments and put enough of it out that the villagers could handle the rest. We pretty much got overrun by a mob after that. They clearly knew Sanae did it."

You can see the old god's eyes light up at that. "Again, good work! That's exactly the kind of thing we need to be doing right now. How many will be coming?"

"They seemed pretty put off by our location," You say, frowning a bit, "We scouted it on the way back, mostly by foot, and can see why."

"How was it?"

You detail the attack, the dead youkai, your attack, and your subsequent dealings with the kappa. Although you try to give a neutral telling, the bit surrounding your attack and the fact that they seemed pretty happy about killing a man causes some anger to bubble back up.

Upon hearing this, Kanako stops listening and clearly starts thinking, looking across the vast lake as she does.

"Did you find the man's body?"

You think about Kanako's question for a moment. "No, but they admitted---"

"I wonder if he wasn't already badly wounded," Kanako continues, "These Kappa aren't supposed to be too troublesome. I'm not sure I believe they're randomly attacking merchants."

"They did mention something about him being an outsider," You say, "But we met at least one other person like that in the fields today. It would be bad if the kappa were randomly attacking those."

"Yes, it would," She says, looking back to you, "That's why I'm wondering if that wasn't just part of it." 

"Well, it could be just part of it," You say, "I just hope it won't turn into a real problem."

"If it does," Kanako says, "Sanae and I will fix it. Don't worry. If humans are using the trail at all, it must be, well, usable."

"Hmm."

"You don't sound convinced."

"I'm not," You say, after thinking about it for a bit, "But maybe I'm missing something. I guess it's not worth worrying about."

"Not today, anyway," Kanako says, nodding, "It doesn't sound like they had much of a power structure anyway. If it is a problem, fixing it will be a serious undertaking. Let's see if it's a problem first."

"That's true," You say, thinking back to your conversation with them. Something about kappa gonna do what kappa wanna do. Didn't sound like there was much of a king or even any kind of organization. "By the way, how did the dealings with the Tengu go?

Kanako laughs. "It's too early to tell. These things take time."

"Really?" You wonder, "It sounded like you and the king were on pretty firm footing when we left."

"Well," Kanako shrugs, "It's not good or bad, it's just one step in the process."

"That... doesn't sound good."

Again, Kanako laughs. "I just said it wasn't good or bad, didn't I? We're resuming negotiations tomorrow. For now, we're all still considered visitors on the mountain, and they don't really seem keen on evicting the shrine itself."

"Think they're spying on us right now?" You wonder.

"Oh, most definitely," Kanako says, "They're probably writing down everything we say. So, did your trip end with the kappa?" 

It's a bit odd, knowing you might be being listened to, but you continue anyway. The tengu can listen if they want and the Boss doesn't care.

"Pretty much. We flew up over the falls and back here. Sanae took a nap, so I decided to take a walk."

"And here we are," Kanako says, nodding sagely, "Watching a sunset over the lake. A good first day, I think. You pass."

Although it isn't quite sunset yet, the sun is starting to get pretty low. You're attention to detail seems to have taken up quite a bit of time.

She's joking, but you decide to play along. "Pass?" You laugh, "Wait, was I being tested?"

"What kind of boss would hire someone without an interview?"

"An interview? I thought I already had the job?"

You both laugh, gazing out over the lake. "You two seem to work well enough together. But do watch yourself, OK? You almost got killed at least once today."

"Oh, so this is where you two are!"

From behind you, you hear the now familiar voice of Sanae call out.

"I was just filling her in on what happened," You say, "We just finished, actually. And you look pretty energized."

Sanae raises her arms, stretching a bit. "I definitely needed that. Wow, this is a lot of work."

"We've been sitting on our duffs for the last few years," Kanako says, standing up, "Well, not me, but the rest of you. Of course it's going to seem like work."

"Eh? That's not fair! I've never slacked off."

The two of them laugh, and you get the feeling that this isn't uncommon for them. They both seem like they're in a pretty good mood today - and you guess you are too, all things considered. Long day, but satisfying.

"Hey, are you two hungry? It's getting late enough that we should probably start thinking about it."

"Sure," Sanae says, "I was just about to get started cooking, actually, but I wanted to see if other people were ready first."

"Oh, I was thinking I could do it."

Sanae laughs. "I'll have you know, I like cooking. Now that I'm all rested I'll be doing it tonight."

She's not going to let you cook for her tonight, you feel like, but maybe you can figure out some other way to help.

"I'll be joining you two as well," Kanako says, looking out over the lake, "Although, I do feel like something lighter than normal."

"How about you?" Sanae asks.

"Well, I'm pretty hungry," You say, "But I probably shouldn't eat until I'm full."

"Me either," Sanae says, giggling a bit, "But, OK, got it. I'll come find you when it's ready."

She turns around and heads back down the hill. You decide that maybe the way to help now is just to give her a bit of space, and if she enjoys cooking, you'll let her cook... tonight, anyway. You and Kanako watch her go.

"I have a few things to attend to, too," Kanako says, finally, "Try not to catch a cold sitting out here. The autumn air will do that, you know."

"Ribbit."

"Or maybe I should say, try not to catch a frog in your throat." Kanako says. "Anyway, thank you for the summary. It helps."

You nod. "Good luck attending to... well, whatever it is you're attending to."

"'Whatever', indeed." Kanako laughs, heading up into the sky. She seems to be heading across the lake. You exchange goodbyes, and watch her go, eventually dipping beyond the far edge of the lake.

Well, after being passively expelled from the kitchen, you've got to find another way to kill time. 

Well, this place is really as good as any. Who knows how often you'll get a chance to really rest like this, so maybe it's best if you take it for what it is.

Again, you gaze out over the surface of the lake.

"Ribbit."

You glance back to your new companion. No, wait - there's two now.

"Ribbit."
"Ribbit."

"I'm just taking a break," You tell them, glancing away. "Don't mind me."

They quiet themselves after that. You know you didn't miss two of them in that shrine before, so they must be able to get up there themselves, somehow. Presumably, they can also get down. You guess you won't bother taking them back into the lake.

As you sit, you faintly feel like you're being watched. Not by the frogs, but by someone else. Maybe it's the mention of the tengu that Kanako made, but it's uncanny. You can't see anything, though so you try to put it out of your mind.

"Ribbit."

... although, maybe it is by the frogs. Who knows.

You stay like this for a while, undisturbed, until one of the amphibians wriggles it's way into your lap.

"Ribbit."

You look down, and see it looking up at you. With a hop, it launches itself up into the shrine to join the other two frogs.

Just what is going on here? You're no expert, but even you can tell this isn't normal. You wonder if it's the shrine, or the frogs. 

Clearly, there's something about this shrine that's drawing them to it. Since you're just sitting around anyway, you decide to check this thing out a little more thoroughly.

It's looks to be carved out of solid rock, and incredibly old to boot. It's been pitted by years of sitting outside, the rain taking away little bits at a time. It's shaped a bit like a an old lantern, but with a small figure inside, and the inside is only open on one side.

"Ribbit."

... although, it's not clear who or what the figure is. Human-ish, you think, but it's very old. Like something you'd see in a museum. You're sure the artist was good for their time, but it's more like something a child would put together these days.

"Huh."

Beyond the small figure, there's nothing of note in the design other than being a bit fancy. At least, nothing that you can see. And certainly nothing that would draw all these frogs up here. You peer inside again, looking for a spider web or something, but nothing. It's disturbingly clean. Sanae, or someone, must be doing upkeep on it.

"Ribbit."

"What's so interesting about this shrine for you guys, huh?"

"Ribbit."

You scratch your head. Mysterious. But, you really don't think you're going to figure this one out on your own. Still, it's a shrine and it clearly has some place in the Moriya shrine, so you decide to offer a prayer to the unknown one inhabiting it.

... and, although you're not quite sure what you expected, nothing happens. Opening your eyes, you see all three frogs blankly staring.

"Well, that's that then---"

"Hey, thanks!"

For just a second, you hear an unknown voice. You look around, but see nothing. And you're not even sure you heard it, after thinking about it for a bit. It was more like the sound appeared in your head.

You can't help but grin a bit. What the heck? There's really never a dull moment here, is there?

"Hello?"

No response, aside from one of the frogs blinking slowly. But given that this is a shrine, and you now have a vague understanding of how this faith stuff works, you decide to investigate further.

Again, you kneel before the shrine, and offer a prayer to this unknown god. Several, in fact, because you sit there for quite a while.

Nothing happens.

No voices, divine revelations, nada. You look around, still kind of expecting something, but you only see your three buddies sitting on the shrine.

Strange. Well, if it worked once it'll work again. Maybe you're just getting the process wrong or something. You definitely want to figure out who that was that you heard.

This time you'll get it for sure. Enthusiastically, you close your eyes again and begin to offer prayer to the unknown god.

Time passes. And not a little bit, either - you get so into it that by the time you open your eyes again, the sun has dipped below the crater containing the lake. But still, you hear nothing new in response. The frogs at the mini-shrine have taken to just staring at you now rather than making noise, although their family down in the lake have gotten quite chatty.

As you contemplate what to do next, though, you do finally get your response.

"Mmmm... I'm trying to sleep. Ask Sanae if you need something."

You're not quite what you were expecting, but that's definitely the same voice - although a bit more groggy sounding than last time.

"Sorry."

"Sorry for what?"

Sanae's now familiar voice rings out from behind you. Turning around, you see her standing there - still with her apron on.

"The food's ready," She says, "Where's Kanako? She's not around the shrine."

"She, uh," You stand up, "Took off somewhere. I'm not sure to where."

"Huh. Should we wait?" 

"Yeah," You say, walking back towards Sanae and the steps leading down, "We don't have to wait up here, though."

You've got question, but they can wait - at least until you're out of earshot. Or... well, whatever it is that gods use to sense things like prayer or presence.

Sanae nods. "Have you been up here this whole time?"

"It's a nice place to sit," You say, as the two of you descend, "Although the frogs and the shrine are a bit strange."

"The goddess of that shrine is a friend of frogs everywhere," Sanae says, "So it's not too strange that the frogs like it."

Thinking back to earlier, you run across one of the questions you've got queued up for Kanako. "It's not Kanako's shrine, is it? It must be that other goddess."

Sanae nods, but doesn't say much more. Definitely a topic for dinner, when everyone is there.

"I think I disturbed her earlier," You continue, "That's why I said sorry earlier."

Sanae laughs. "Oh, she sleep talks, I wouldn't worry too much about it."

"Really?"

"Really."

"She sleep talks about being asleep?"

"She sleep talks about everything," Sanae laughs, again, "I don't have to be up here to hear it either."

The two of you make idle chat as you return to the main shrine. You scan the sky, half-expecting Kanako to come swooping down at any moment, but instead you see...

"Is that a person?"

High above the shrine there's indeed a human-like figure silhouetted against the evening sky. They are definitely keeping their distance, though. Your mind again slips back to Kanako's note about the tengu spies, but... would one of them really be out in the open like that?

"I don't see anything," Sanae says, looking skyward. You raise your arm to point, but as you do, you take your eye off of it - and it's simply gone.

"Weird," You say, your arm slumping back down to your side, "I don't see it any more."

"What are you looking at?"

A loud, commanding voice rings out from behind you. Kanako, you can tell. It's still startling, but you're also becoming familiar with it.

"Illusions, I guess," You say, shrugging.

"Good timing! We're ready to eat if you are."

"Starved," Kanako says, "I hope you made extra."

Didn't she just say she only wanted a light meal?

"I always do! Even I'm starved today."

Confused, you follow them inside. She... wasn't kidding. This is even more food than last night. Just how long were you up there? Or is Sanae just that much of a professional?

As the two of you sit down, Kanako sets a few small glasses around the table. You see Sanae's smile fade just a little bit as she does, as if she knows where this is going.

"Drink?" Kanako asks, simply. 

Not that you drink often, but today seems like a reasonable day to have one. "Sure. What's the occasion?"

Before the words are even out of your mouth, though, Kanako has already procured a bottle from somewhere started to pour. Sake, you imagine. It's glass, with a modern cap - you imagine this came into Gensokyo with the shrine. After pouring all three glasses, she sets the bottle on the table.

"Our first real day in Gensokyo was a success," Kanako says, "So we're celebrating that."

Sanae looks to you questioningly. "What did you tell her?"

"Huh? Only what happened."

Kanako laughs, raising her glass. "I didn't say it was perfect, did I? But it was all better than it could have gone. Well done, to both of you."

You take up your glass as well. Sanae seems a bit hesitant, but she joins you two in celebration for the first round.

The sake is incredible, and coupled with Sanae's equally incredible home cooking you find yourself enjoying the best meal you've had in years. So, you have another helping - because Sanae seems keen on keeping your plate full. And, another glass, because Kanako seems intent on not leaving your glass empty for more than a few seconds.

You go with it for a while, mostly listening to Sanae give a much lighter version of the day to Kanako. Hers is focused more on the goddesses she met and their abilities, and she seems relieved to have Kanako fill in most of the blanks by recalling your telling.

The sake is definitely starting to hit you, though. And you've started to lose count of how much you've had - not a good sign. But you count two bottles on the table now, one empty, and you can't recall Sanae's glass being refilled even once.

"This is all a lot to go on," Kanako nods, sagely. She's drinking at about the same rate as you, but seems completely sober somehow. "I wonder how many we'll get on our side."

"Hmm... they all seem pretty content," Sanae says, shaking her head, "But I think we could convince them eventually."

"You think?" Kanako says, reaching for the bottle. She tops off your glass as well as her own. "Well, I guess it's something for later." 

You feel your face start to flush a bit. "They do seem pretty... uh, happy on their own. Independent."

Kanako nods, sagely. "Most do."

Although you vaguely consider slowing your pace, like Sanae, you decide to keep it up. Worst case, you'll end up incoherent or asleep. Besides, how many bottles can she have stashed over there? It's not every day you can drink with a goddess.

With dinner absolutely destroyed, and you no longer stuffing your face, you decide that maybe you can get some of your questions out of the way now.

"So, if this isn't a thing to ask, stop me. But what's up with that mini-shrine? And the lake?"

"That's... a long story," Kanako says, "Even for a god."

You take another drink. Again, she fills your glass with amazing speed. No, maybe Sanae has the right idea after all.

"I'm, uh..." you stumble over your thoughts a bit. "How long?"

"Kid, Rome was still around when it starts," Kanako shifts her gaze to Sanae. "Think I should trust him?"

"I don't know," Sanae laughs, taking up her glass but only taking a sip from it. "What do you think? Maybe we should put him through some trials or something first?"

The goddesses' gaze meets yours, as if she's looking to see what's behind your eyeballs. Hah. She acts tough, but yeah, she's definitely getting a bit drunk herself. You can see the mask starting to crack a bit. Not that you are much better - you find it physically hard to return her gaze.

Finally, she turns back to her own glass and takes a drink herself, seemingly satisfied. "Well, I'll give him the short version. But we'll need some snacks."

Looking strangely relieved, Sanae nods and stands up. "Should I get some more sake, too?"

Oh. You hadn't considered this possibility. That wouldn't be good. But, it seems Kanako had - and she sets another bottle on the table. "No, I've got that covered."

Sanae just laughs, "Wow. Were you really that thirsty?"

Even Kanako is starting to seem a bit drunk. "Absolutely. I worked hard today... but I'm not sure what his excuse is! And besides, something like this is fine every once in a while."

The only thing fearsome you find in this god now is her drinking habits. Strangely, you're perfectly at home with this kind of banter. "Yeah. And... uh, that's my excuse."

"Hey, that excuse isn't bad either," Kanako says, lifting her glass, "Cheers."

"Cheers."

Sanae takes the opportunity to leave the room, smiling and shaking her head. After she does, Kanako leans over the table towards you. You lend her your ear.

"She's incredible, but do you know her weakness?"

"Who, Sanae?"

"Who else would I be talking about?"

"... what is it?"

"No, no," Kanako says, "You have to guess."

"...mmm." You pause for what feels like a genuine minute. Alcohol, obviously. 

"Maybe she's ticklish?"

Kanako leans back, a puzzled look on her face. "... you know, I hadn't considered that. I wonder if she is?"

"You don't know? I figured you knew everything."

Kanako laughs. "No, I don't. It's a good question. Could you find out for me?"

You admit... you're a bit tempted by her offer, especially in your current state. But, no - none of that. No. Bad idea. It's several months too early for something like that.

"Find out what?" Sanae asks, returning to the room. Oh, those snacks look good. Perfect for sake and a story.

"Are you ticklish?" Kanako asks, bluntly.

"Am I what?"

"Ticklish."

Sanae looks to you, suspiciously. "What are you two talking about in here?"

You snort, unable to even give an answer to that. Yeah, no. You can't do this either. Too silly.

"We were discussing your weaknesses," Kanako says, playing it straight, "If he's going to be parterning with you, he'll need to know them."

"O-oh, I see."

Sanae sets the food down in front of you two. There's a moment of silence, but Kanako breaks it shortly.

"Well?"

"... yes," Sanae says, before looking up. "But are you?"

"What?" Kanako laughs, "What kind of god would just admit her weaknesses?"

"I bet you are, aren't you!"

"Wai--hahaha! No, stop!"

Sanae, sitting on the side between you and Kanako, has no trouble reaching the poor goddess and testing her theory. You aren't sure what to do when confronted by this scene, so you quietly take another drink and contemplate reality. A powerful, and very ticklish, goddess being subdued by her priestess. Fascinating.

"W--hahah--what about him?"

Both of them turn to you. Uh oh. 

You're not sure whether your current state of mind helps, but you quickly roll into your own defence. "No... not at all."

Sanae gives up on Kanako for the moment, looking at you quizzically. "Really?"

You shake your head. "Honestly. Really. Absolutely positive."

Much like Kanako's never ending sake, the words just pour out of your mouth. Yeah, you don't think you're getting away with this one. Sanae's questioning expression turns to one of suspicion as you babble on.

"Whha..ha...hat do you think, Sanae?" Kanako asks, still catching her breath.

Sanae is still holding Kanako with one arm, but with her grip loosened Kanako wriggles free.

"Ahem," the god coughs, straightening out her clothes, "Why don't you find out for me?"

Sanae takes a rare drink herself as she considers her options. Realizing that you, too, are within arm's reach... you pre-emptively scoot away.

She's seemingly not interested in lunging for you just yet, though. Instead, she looks a bit bashful at the suggestion.

"Phahaha! Oh, this is fun," Kanako cackles, filling all three of your glasses. She looks to you. "So, you do know you won't be escaping divine justice for your lies, right? Not even one as brazen as that!"

"No, I'm not lying," You say, taking another drink. You'll need it for where this is going. "Definitely no---hehhah, stop!"

As you answer, something tickles your foot. Or, more likely, a rather well controlled draft does. You shift your weight off of it and look behind you, but as you do, all you see is Sanae's smile growing more mischievous.

"I'm a kind god," Kanako continues, "So I'll let you choose - who's going to administer your punishment?" 

Neither is going to hurt you, of course, but you instinctively shy away from the kind of punishment a several thousand year old god could come up with.

"It's gotta be you," You say, turning to Sanae with as much of a bow as you can manage at the table, "Please, be gentle."

Kanako howls with laughter. "Sanae, I'll leave it to you then. But if you need any ideas..."

Meanwhile, Sanae takes another drink. And another. You hope she's not trying to catch up with you two.

"No," Sanae says, the alcohol causing her words to stick a bit in her throat, "I'll come up with something. Hmm..."

Your host pours another round. You decide to shift your focus to the snacks rather than your glass. Somehow, you suspect she's got even more than these three bottles stashed somewhere. "So, what happened to that story?" You wonder out loud.

"Hmm. What story?" Kanako wonders.

"About the lake and the small shrine."

"Oh... right. The short version," Kanako says, "Basically, that's the original shrine for this shrine, if that makes sense. The Moriya shrine started off as just the lake and a pile of stones. The first humans to worship here carved that small shrine. We added the grounds much later."

"But... it's not your shrine, right?"

Kanako shakes her head. "It is now. But it wasn't always. The god of that shrine and I were enemies once, but we're partners now. She still likes it more than the one out front so we leave it around." 

"Mmm."

You munch on a few snacks as you listen. Partially to keep you quiet. This all still sounds pretty shady still, but... you don't care too much, you guess, not after all that sake.

The short version glosses over most of the details. These two fought, although Kanako avoids mentioning the reason, and Kanako won. Rather than kill her enemy she decided it would be better if they worked together, so now she gathers all the faith at the main shrine. Somehow. You don't understand the details.

"The whole story is pretty boring," Kanako continues, "But that's why this is the Moriya shrine, and not the Kasaka shrine. We didn't want to change the branding too much. As an assistant priest, you should at least know---"

"Take off your shirt!"

Suddenly, out of nowhere, Sanae interrupts. You burst out laughing. "What?"

"Your punishment!" She says, her speech starting to sound a bit slurred as she takes another drink. Guess your hunch about her weakness was right. "It's cold in here, so... it'll be a little uncomfortable."

"Oh, Sanae," Kanako laughs, "That's not bad. But are you sure you want to use your punishment right away?"

Sanae seems bewildered. "Huh?"

Kanako closes her eyes and nods, like a teacher who has seen this mistake a thousand times before. "You see, holding a punishment over someone is pretty valuable. Spending it so frivolously..." 

Before Kanako can finish, you wriggle your way out of your shirt. It's a bit difficult given the formality of your priest clothing, but you still manage with pretty good speed. The garment drops to the floor behind you.

*fwoomp*

Kanako shakes her head sadly. "... well, I guess there's always next time."

"W-wait!" Sanae cries, "I wanna---"

"Nope," You say, firmly. "I will take my punishment like a man."

With that opening, you got lucky this time... though, it is actually pretty cold in here. That autumn air must be creeping in from somewhere. The warmth from all the sake will keep you warm enough, though.

"Like a man, indeed," Kanako chuckles, looking over your upper body. She seems pleased, somehow. "Sanae, when is the last time we even had a man stay overnight at the house?"

Sanae, finally realizing she's just made you half-strip in front of her, blushes a bit and looks away from both of you two. "Never?"

"Don't do anything I wouldn't do."

"What's that supposed to mean?!"

She handled Aya so skilfully earlier, but you guess Kanako probably knows all her weaknesses.

"For example," Kanako laughs, "I'd never turn down another drink. What did you think I meant?"

Kanako goes to top off all three glasses, but she only gets through Sanae's and half of yours before the bottle runs dry as she does. Disappointed, she sets it near the other two.

Two? Wait, when did she even open the third one? And why is there a fourth on the table already? Things are definitely starting to get a bit hazy. 

Although you briefly consider what will happen if this continues, the idea quickly falls out of your head. As Kanako unscrews the fouth bottle and refills your glass, you offer no resistance. You'll go where these two lead - you feel that wherever that is, it'll be an amusing time.

"You sure wouldn't turn one down," Sanae says, taking another drink herself. Then, she laughs. "How can you even drink that much? My head's getting all funny."

"How can you tell?"

"Hey!"

Kanako laughs, before turning to you with a worrying gaze. It reminds you of one a snake might give a mouse. "Sorry, sorry. I guess I should be picking on our new guest more, shouldn't I?"

"You should. We should! But what can we do?"

With the attention turning back to you, Kanako seems to think about it. "Then again, what if we just scare him off? I can only tease you so much because I know you won't run away, Sanae."

Not wanting to dig your own grave, you mostly keep quiet and chuckle a bit. These two are something else. But this sure beats what you were doing yesterday morning.

"Hmm. And he's so quiet," Kanako says, leaning over the table to look you in the face, "Maybe he's hiding some dark secret from us? You can't exactly tease a murderer about murder, can you? Or an exhibitionist about exhibition? Although, maybe you can if they like being teased..."

You raise your glass and offer a clumsily worded toast. "To the Moriya shrine. I guess I'm not even mad that you guys dragged me here."

Kanako laughs. "Sure, sure. It's fun to have someone around to drink with for a change."

"I can drink too!" Sanae says, sounding slighted. As if to prove a point, she downs the rest of her glass after the toast. "See?"

"Mmm, you certainly can."

They try for a while, but eventually give up on the idea of finding some way to tease you. The final verdict is that they just don't know you enough, and that we'll need to do this again in another month.

With that settled, the conversation mostly drifts off into a haze. You, and you suspect Sanae, aren't too sure where the conversation is going, but it's fun. That's what matters. Or at least, what matters at a thing like this.

... as time goes on, a 5th bottle appears in Kanako's hands, dispensing sake into your glass.

"You know, that's probably enough punishment for him - don't you think, Sanae? He's going to catch a cold if he keps sitting around half naked like that."

"Huh? Oh... yeah..."

She's sloshed. But you aren't much better. Kanako gives you a nod as you touch your shirt, so you put it back on... sort of. You leave it open in the middle, mainly due to getting confused with the rest of the outfit.

"Hah... well, maybe we didn't need this one," Kanako says, setting the bottle next to the others at the end of the table. "I wonder if the locals make sake this good. I didn't think to check when I was scouting."

You notice that Sanae's glass is empty, but Kanako doesn't seem to be in much of a rush to fill it. She seems OK filling yours and hers, though.

"I'd get fat if I ate the food there," Sanae says, definitely slurring her words a bit, "But it smelled good."

You nod. You can still remember the smell of the village square. "Some of that yakitori from one of those stands would be really good."

"Oh! It would! Let me---whoa---"

Sanae stands up, but her balance seems pretty off as well. She sits back down, abruptly.

"You'd burn down the shrine," Kanako laughs. She must have noticed the temptation in your eyes as well, because she looks to you. "You're not much better off. I forbid either of you from using the stove tonight."

You lean back on your hands. "No, I know my limits. It's impossible. We're doomed to no yakitori."

"Break your limits!" Sanae cries out, "Hyper limit BREAKER!"

A strong gust of wind sends some of the lighter dishes still on the table spinning a bit, with lighter bits of food and salt scattering as well.

"I'm... gonna go to bed," Sanae says, suddenly looking ridiculously tired. "Goodnight."

Kanako gives her a nod. "Goodnight, Sanae."

You bid her a goodnight as well, and watch as she stumbles out of the room.

"Honestly," Kanako says, after a few moments, "She always gets like that when she drinks."

"Always?"

"Right down to the going to bed once she's realized she's really drunk," Kanako nods, sagely, "It's like clockwork. I didn't think she'd join us, because she knows it too."

"Huh."

"By the way," Kanako says, "How are you liking Gensokyo so far?"

"It's fun," You say, honestly, "When I'm not almost being killed."

"Good answer. How fine are you with staying here for a while?"

"... what do you mean?"

"Months, maybe years." 

"Years, huh?"

"Well, no sense being misleading," Kanako says, shrugging, "The shrine's faith needs come first, and that's going to take months. Maybe just a few, but maybe a few dozen."

You think back to your old life. It wasn't great, but it wasn't too bad either. You won't miss your job, and you're not really all that close with anyone at the moment. But if you suddenly reappear after a few years, it's gonna be really weird.

Still, you can't really force a god to value you over her shrine.

"Do I have much of a choice?"

"You don't have to stay at our shrine - I imagine we won't really need your help for more than a week or two," She says, pausing to sneak a few more snacks, "If you stay in the village, you might meet someone else who can get you back sooner. We could come find you if you're still around when we're ready."

Quietly, you think about that for a bit, sneaking a few snacks yourself.

"I guess I'm mostly fine with it," You say, finally. "But I'm drunk and it's only been a day and a half."

Kanako gives you a sage nod. "I won't hold you to it just yet. But, you know, a god should know where her priests are at. Physically and otherwise."

You offer a toast at that, draining your glass. Yeah, definitely won't miss your old job. "Thanks. But are you saying you can't read minds?"

She laughs. "I wonder? But even if I could, it would be rude to do it, don't you think?"

You think back to the first time you saw her, and how she was commenting on your entirely internal prayer.

"I wonder, but... hey, didn't you do something like that when we first met?"

"Prayer is different," She says, with a grin, "Those are mine the moment they enter your head. And it's pretty obvious when someone is afraid, you don't need to read minds for that. Another?"

She holds her hand near the bottle of sake, clearly giving you an opening to turn her down if you wished. It looks like she's enjoying herself. You are too - so whatever. You nod.

"Tomorrow's gonna be rough," You say, "But the sake is delicious."

Kanako pours you another one. "Well, you might be surprised about tomorrow, actually. Sanae is a miracle worker after all." 

"Miracle worker, indeed," You say, thinking back to the events of the day. "She really helped me out today."

"Those were all just little things," Kanako says, a bit dismissively, "Just wait until she's in good metaphysical shape and feels comfortable showing off."

"What do you mean?"

"You said she seemed pretty tired, right? Everything she did today is really pretty trivial. I think she's trying too hard, but once she realizes it's easier than she thinks you'll see some real miracles."

That thought depresses you a bit. "Really. I wonder if I'll be able to do things like that, some day."

"Feeling a bit left out?"

"Well... a little. Earlier today I didn't think it bothered me, but it might be useful if I could defend myself."

Kanako thinks about it for a moment. "Well, you're just a human, and Sanae isn't. But stranger things have happened, and normal humans can defend themselves from youkai with proper training."

"Isn't Sanae just a human? She mentioned she was stronger because she was a priestess... or something."

"She's semi-divine. That's part of why she's so strong."

"What, like Heracles or something?"

Kanako laughs. "Sure. Well, a bit more human than that. You'd have to go back quite a ways in her family tree to find where the God entered it. I've trained her since birth, though, so she's pretty far above a normal human."

The idea of a Kanako getting a baby involved in her schemes makes you laugh. "Doesn't that break some kind of child labor laws? Ow!"

The god playfully swats at you from across the table. "Not like that, you nitwit. But she has lived at the shrine all her life. I've just made sure she was always aware of her power. People tend to forget their talents if they aren't reminded in some way."

Does that make sense? You're not entirely sure, but you nod anyway. And the idea of a little baby flying around or whatever is enough to make you chuckle.

"You've probably got some embarrassing stories of her, then, if you've been around her that long."

Kanako's face beams, and her old woman suddenly shows through. "Ohohoho, if only you knew! Sanae would never forgive me for telling them to you now, but... eventually, maybe. We can tease her about them together some day."

"It sounds like I'm pretty much out of luck on getting any kind of power, though," You muse, returning to your drink, "I figured as much."

"Didn't I just get done saying Sanae was a miracle worker?"

"... oh." She's right, of course, but you hadn't really though about it like that. "That's pretty much manufacturing luck. So I guess it doesn't matter if I'm out of it."

"Phahaha! I don't think I've heard anyone put it like that before. I'll need to remember that one."

Your drinking buddy pours another round. "That aside, this is Gensokyo. There'd be consequences, but you'd be able to get that kind of power in one way or another if you wanted it. Do you?"

"... I wonder. I don't think so. Not right now."

"Sending you out with Sanae is still the plan," Kanako says, "And it sounds like it worked pretty well today. She won't let anything happen, especially not if you have faith in her."

"And you, I guess."

"Well, it wouldn't hurt."

"Still..." you pause for a moment, "We've already met some kappa, tengu, and a few other goddesses today. I wonder what else is out there."

"Do you know what Gensokyo is?"

"... no, not really."

"It's a place for youkai that that can't exist in the outside world. So if they existed in the past, they're probably here. Kappa and tengu do exist outside Gensokyo, but it's easier for them to live here."

"They look a little different than they do in the pictures, though. Those kappa were pretty cute, and not green old balding things."

"Did you actually see if they were balding or not?"

You think back. They definitely had hair, but...

"They were all wearing hats. ...no. That's horrible. I refuse to believe it."

"Pfft. The truth is hard sometimes, isn't it?"

"It's not truth." You laugh. No way. "I refuse, damn it!"

Kanako laughs along with you. "Another? We're almost done with this bottle."

You've accepted your current fate. But maybe you don't have to doom your entire future. "Sure. But don't open another one."

"I wasn't planning to. You'd keep going if I kept opening them, wouldn't you?"

"Tonight? Yeah."

"Even a miracle wouldn't save you if you tried to keep up with me." She says, clearly enjoying herself. "I'll show mercy on you tonight."

You talk about nothing much of importance after that. Kanako does seem interested in your past, but there's really not much to tell about it, so the whole thing fits nicely around drinking the remaining sake. But this is definitely a good stopping place. After the two of you munch down the remaining snacks as well, you just face each other and nod.

Yes, all three of you will get along fine, you think. You feel pretty confident in that now.

"Well, that's that. I'll see you tomorrow," Kanako says, standing up first, "You can still stand, right?"

"Dunno. Let's see."

Your balance is bad enough that you definitely can't do so on your own power. But you're able to manage using the wall behind you. "Hah. Yeah. I'll see you tomorrow."

You wake up disoriented, still in your clothes, and lying sideways on your stomach across your futon. You don't remember the walk back to the room, but you vaguely remember "taking a rest" when you got there before getting ready for bed. And now here you are.

"... oof."

Rolling over, you find that you just feel a bit tired and maybe a bit sore from your sleeping position. The sun is pretty bright, too - so you imagine you've overslept. But, somehow, your head and stomach both feel fine.

"It really is a miracle," You mutter, sitting up. There's a pretty wonderful smell wafting down the hall. Sanae must be awake, at least, as Kanako doesn't strike you as much of a cook. 

Even if someone else is awake... you are very much not. You could use something to help wake yourself up. You wonder if they've got a shower? Would it even make sense for them to have a shower? You know they mentioned a bath earlier, but... well, you guess you'll just look.

Changing out of your priest clothes and into your street clothes for the moment, you slide open the door. Dang, that does smell good. You'll make this quick.

Sanae's room is definitely empty as you walk by. Seems she beat you this morning.

Fortunately, you remember your way to the bath... and find that there is indeed a shower. The whole thing looks pretty modern, much like the kitchen. It wouldn't be out of place to find this kind of bathroom in a modern home.

There's a towel folded neatly near the bath, with a cute frog-shaped bar of soap and a bit of shampoo nearby. For you, you'd guess - there's another towel hanging nearby that looks like it was used recently, and there's only two in here that you can see.

You briefly consider a cold shower, but even just walking over here has helped a bit. You run the water until it's hot, and hop in. 

As you wash your hair, you hear a series of loud thumps from what you'd guess is outside the building, or in a distant room. A pause, and then a few more - these ones being much more rapid in succession.

Strange.

Well, whatever it is, it can wait. If it were someone at the door, maybe, but something outside can't be that important. You go back to scrubbing.

You end up taking a pretty long shower. The water just feels too good on your aching body. It probably wasn't the sleeping position, you realize, but all the walking you did yesterday. Today, you hope you get to do a bit more sitting - or at least, maybe get a few more breaks.

As you step out of the shower, you hear another series of thumps. These ones are definitely coming from the roof. You reach for your towel, unconcerned, and begin to try yourself. Then, another series, and another.

CRASH!

Then, suddenly, a blue blast of light pierces into the bathroom, missing you by a few feet. With it, wood splinters and dust spill into the room. 

After all that went on yesterday, you're surprisingly calm about the whole affair. You gird yourself with your towel and look through the hole, hoping to catch the source. With your eyes, that is, and not with your face.

On looking up, you see three familiar faces - Sanae, Kanako, and... oh, it's that reporter from yesterday. Aya, you believe?

Before you have a chance to react, the tengu snaps a quick picture of you in your undried glory. Then, with a blast of light, Sanae starts up some danmaku and they both launch into the sky. Kanako remains hovering just above the new skylight.

"What's going on?"

"Just a little morning danmaku play," Kanako says, seemingly unconcerned about the damage. "Sanae seems upset about something that reporter did."

"Huh." A few thoughts run through your mind... but really, the first one is that you should probably get dry and dressed. "You mind? I'm still in the bathroom."

"No, I don't mind."

You answer with an unflinching stare.

Kanako laughs. "Hmm, fine."

No more rogue lasers pierce the living quarters while you dry yourself. As you return to your room, you decide that you should probably go outside and see what's going on.

You put on your priestly clothes. You guess going forward that you should consider yourself to always be on the job. They're also pretty cool looking. Today, you manage to get them on without much difficulty.

Cleaned, clothed... the only thing missing now is some breakfast, but you suppose that will have to wait. You want to see what's going on outside.

You pass through the main room on your way out. It's spotless. Someone must have cleaned up after your shenanigans last night. The food smell seems to be coming from the kitchen, so either it's all gone or it's waiting patiently for people to eat it. You decide it best to ignore it for now.

The morning sun and a brilliant light show greet you as you step outside. Just based on the sun, you don't think you've overslept too much, so that's good.

Sanae's blue bullets and lasers light up the sky with Aya's red and orange ones. Sanae's patterns are a lot more dense than you remember them being yesterday - and you don't remember the lasers at all. Aya's seem to be at about the same level. If those thumps that you heard earlier were stray bullets striking the living quarters, they've been at this a while. Doubly impressive.

You look around, expecting to see Kanako somewhere, but she's nowhere to be found. You do notice a paper lying near your feet - "Bunbunmaru News". The headline?

"Strange God Invades Youkai Mountain!"

You turn your eyes skyward to look back up to the fight. The paper isn't going anywhere, but this battle will eventually end. The two combatants have moved to the far end of the shrine grounds, near the entrance - probably so that they don't hit anything else.

The more you watch the patterns unfold, the more you start to understand the point of all this. Or at least, you think you do. It's meant to be beautiful, and honestly, it feels a bit like a game to you. Or maybe a sport.

Maybe like boxing?

As you watch, you see that the dodging from both these two is pretty on point. From your perspective, it's a bit hard to tell exactly where all the bullets are going or how to even follow what is going on. But, after a minute or so, Aya's pattern suddenly dissolves.

You can't help but let out a cheer when it does. That's good, right? Sanae looks at you, but just as she does you see that Aya's pattern starts back up again.

You do your best to cheer Sanae on.

"She's getting pretty good. Go, Sanae!"

While you were engrossed in the battle, Kanako took a seat next to you. She's intently watching the fight.

"Go, Sanae!"

The battle just gets more intense the more you watch. The density and speed of the bullets just grows and grows, seemingly limitless... for probably five or so minutes, anyway.

But, eventually, both patterns stop in unison. The combatants lower themselves to the ground. Sanae nearly doubles over in exhaustion when she lands, but Aya looks about as you remember her yesterday... although, maybe a bit unsteady.

"Did she lose?" You wonder aloud.

"No," Kanako says, "A draw. But I suspect the crow could have won had she kept going."

"Huh." 

You stand up.

"I'm going to go wander over."

Turning to Kanako, though, you notice... she's no longer there. It's a bit disturbing, but you guess vanishing randomly might be fine for a god. She's probably got stuff to do.

With a shrug, you make your way towards the center of the shrine grounds where those two are. As you draw near, Aya notices you - and waves.

"Yo, shrine boy! Good morning!"

You wave back, unable to help yourself before her friendliness. Sanae seems to be catching her breath, but she gives you a weak wave as well.

"Good morning, Sanae. Aya. Beautiful show."

"Ahaha, no," Aya says, "Thanks, but that was just a normal one. Well, I'd better get going---"

"Hold... it."

Sanae doesn't seem to have any intention of letting her leave so easily. She stands upright, that gleam still in her eyes. What's she thinking?

"It's a draw, but we could go for another round if you want. Otherwise, I need to get going on my delivery route. People are waiting!"

"What's this all about, anyway?" You wonder.

"Did you... see the paper?" Sanae asks. "It's no good."

You shake your head. "I just saw the headline."

"I keep telling you, it's 100% accurate," Aya says, "I don't see the problem."

"We aren't a couple!"

Aya just laughs, shrugging a bit. "Well, I'll leave that to the readers to decide. Anyway, it was fun, but I'll just be---"

A blue bullet streaks past the crow as Sanae looks to her. "Oh? Did you really want to go for another round? I'll win this one, you know." 

"And what's with taking that photo of me earlier?" You wonder, feeling a bit of Sanae's frustration. "Can't I take a shower in peace?"

Aya turns to you, a puzzled expression on her face. "A good journalist can't miss that kind of opportunity. We need to get our stories in any way we can."

It takes you a second to parse what she's implying. That was a story? "... wait, you can't print that!"

Turning back to the flustered priestess, she adds, "He's not a bad choice, honest. I don't get why you're trying to hide it so much. Just be true to your feelings!"

"Now, just hold on a minute---"

"We are not a couple!"

"I'll give you a free issue tomorrow," Aya says, bolting into the sky. You guess she's had enough. As a parting shot, she adds, "Thank you for all the material!"

Sanae has a few parting shots of her own, but none of the bullets or lasers land. Aya somehow manages to dodge them while looking over her shoulder rather than facing them head on, although you suspect Sanae is just tired. In fact, she looks pretty defeated - not just

You just scratch your head. Well, at least you managed to grab your towel before the dust settled. "Maybe getting involved with her was a bad idea."

"She did print the part about our opening event, so it's not a complete loss."

Kanako suddenly appears behind you, startling you a bit. She's holding the paper out for you to see. You lean in close to read the tiny newsprint, but yep, there it is is.

"It's even on the front page," You say, reading it over. "Must have been a slow news day. How many pages did we get?"

Kanako thumbs through the paper. "... about half of them." Then, she pauses. "Oh. This one's good."

"Hmm?"

She turns the paper back around, showing you a clear photo of you and Sanae. This must have been when you were walking back from the mini-shrine. Somehow, she got the photo at just the right moment and angle th

You lean in, trying to understand how she could even manage a picture like this. Is this doctored? You can't imagine computers exist here. No, you guess it's just the angle. Now you're a bit concerned about how your towel was positioned this morning.

You push the paper back to Kanako with a laugh. "Well, I can't deny that that's a perfect photo if you're making stuff up."

Kanako continues looking through, amused. "Oh, here's another. My... when I said the tengu were probably watching, I wasn't thinking about this. Maybe we'll need a night watch."

There's a photo, although not one with a very wide frame, of the three of you from last night. The photo is blurry, but it's clear enough that you are shirtless, and Sanae is doubled over in laughter for some reason. From this angle, it's not instantly clear that you're only shirtless, though it's clear enough if you look closely. That's... a bit more concerning, but still harmless enough you suppose. No sense worrying about it if the boss isn't worried.

"I wonder if that's where the draft was coming from? Maybe next time we should invite her in."

"Ho," Kanako says, clearly amused by the idea, "Do you really want to add a tengu into the mix next time? They're legendary drinkers, you know. We might still be going."

"Let's have breakfast. I don't want it to get too cold."

Suddenly, Sanae speaks up. It sounds more like a command than a suggestion. You wonder if she wants you to just drop the topic for now.

"Sure, let's eat," You agree, fine with the topic change. Kanako folds up the paper and tucks it under her arm, and all three of you make your way inside.

As you sit down, Kanako opens the paper again. You offer to help Sanae carry the dishes out, but she refuses. In a few minutes you all are eating, although Kanako doesn't eat a whole lot, instead opting to finish her modest portion and go back to reading.

"Is the writing good?"

"Eh," Kanako shrugs, "It's passable. Sensationalist. I just need to make sure there's nothing in here that will bite us later." 

You'll leave that to Kanako, you guess. After a tremendous yawn that you just can't stop, you turn to Sanae.

"So should I thank you for not feeling sick this morning?" You wonder. "After all that sake, I'm surprised I'm not feeling worse. By the way, breakfast is excellent."

Sanae nods, though she mostly seems focused on eating. "It's... well, we have a few miracles we specifically train for when becoming a Moriya priestess," She says, "Curing hangovers one of them."

You laugh. "Really?"

Sanae smiles a bit. "It's a simple one, so it's good to train with."

The two of you chat a little about her family. You guess that only the priestess is allowed to live at the shrine itself, so her parents are living near where the shrine used to be. And breakfast really is tasty.

After a while, Kanako finally folds up the paper and sets it aside.

"It's a bit embarrassing, but we're good," She declares. "And I learned something interesting, too."

"Oh?" You wonder, noticing Sanae glance to the floor at 'embarrassing'. Kanako seems mostly pleased with whatever she found, though.

"Well," Kanako says, standing up, "I should probably get ready for more negotiations with the tengu. I'll tell you later if it actually was interesting."

"Good luck."

"Oh, luck doesn't really factor into it," Kanako says, "Good luck to you two, though. You were going to work on the road today, right?" 

You turn to Sanae. "I think that was the original plan... what do you think?"

She seems lost in thought. When she realizes both you are looking at her, she snaps out of it.

"O-oh, that sounds good."

"Sanae," Kanako says, a serious look on her face, "Try not to let it get to you, alright? After reading it, I have a hard time believing that anyone takes this paper seriously. You shouldn't, either."

Sanae takes a deep breath, but her expression finally seems to lighten a bit. Turning back to you, she asks, "I wonder what end we should start on?"

"Probably the bit leading down to the tengu," You say, "The merchant path seems mostly fine if you ignore the youkai."

"Actually," Kanako says, "I'd prefer if you started near the bottom. The tengu still think they own the mountain. It might be bad for negotiations if they realized otherwise right now."

"I... see."

"Maybe we can meet those kappa from yesterday," Sanae says, sounding somewhat cheerful about the idea, "I wonder if they'll stick around?"

Kanako laughs, turning to you. "Watch your backside."

You can't say you're thrilled about that idea either, but... who knows? Maybe you'll meet something else. And hopefully not something like that awful dead creature from yesterday. The two of you bid Kanako farewell, watching as she heads out of the building.

"So," You say, after surveying the table. "Looks like we're done here. I can clean up, and then we can go."

"I can do it," Sanae says, quickly standing.

"Why don't we both do it?" You ask.

Although she initially looks a bit reluctant, her face slowly drops into a smile. "... well, OK. But are you sure you'll be able to keep up?"

You stand yourself, and start gathering the dishes. "How hard can it be?"

Sanae laughs softly, turning away. "Well, I'll start in the kitchen. Can you take this room?"

"Got it."

You gather the dishes up in short order, stacking them in a massive tower. Japanese style meals are nice, but... all the individual bowls can be a bit unwieldy. You do manage to get them in one trip, taking care not to drop them.

When you get to the kitchen, though, you see that it's already clean. Spotless, in fact - and all the cookware is sitting neatly in the drying rack already.

"Where do you want these?"

Sanae turns around. "Oh! Right here, thanks."

You set the dishes down in the sink. Looking around though, you don't see a rag handy. "Can you get me something to wipe the table down with?"

"Here." You turn around. But rather than handing it to you, she tosses it right at you. "Catch!" 

With one smooth motion that surprises even you, you swing your arm around and snatch the rag firmly out of the air. You can't help but ham it up a bit, bringing your arm back into a resting position with another ridiculously smooth arc. There's no way that'll happen again.

"Thanks."

"W-what's with that catch?" Sanae laughs, "I thought I'd at least surprise you a bit."

"I'm not sure," You chuckle, heading for the door, "Maybe your miracles are rubbing off on me."

She laughs again. "Definitely not! Go scrub that table."

"Yes, bossman," You say with a grin.

With the atmosphere cleared by a bit of humor, you head out to wipe down the table. Obviously, it doesn't take too long. But by the time you return, the dishes are already done. Does she do everything with miracles, or is she just good?

"You're... quick," You say, taking a look at the even higher stack of dishes now. "Oh, and here - catch!"

Sanae's motion is at least as smooth as yours. Dang. She's a real pro in the kitchen.

"You ready?" You wonder, "I want to get this road underway."

"Me too," Sanae nods, as the two of you begin to walk outside. "But let's not do any more interviews today, OK?"

"Sure."

As you wander outside, Sanae doesn't head straight out onto the grounds - instead, she heads around behind the living quarters. You're a bit confused, but follow anyway.

"I think," She says, "If we're starting near the bottom, we'll probably just want to clear brush and put up signs. What do you think?" 

"What about the kappa?" You wonder aloud, "I think people can find the trail easily enough, so they seem like a bigger problem."

Sanae frowns a bit. "Hmm. You still think so?"

"There's other outsiders in the village, right?" You say, "Even if the villagers can handle it, those guys might not be able to."

"Good point!" She says, before a smile rises to her face, "Plus... I can get some more practice. But maybe we should bring the tools anyway?"

"Tools?"

"I thought it would be good," She said, looking around as if to see if anyone is watching, "If we did the road as much as we could by hand. Maybe someone could see us and write an article about how humble we are!"

"Maybe we could do that while we're looking for the kappa. What did you have in mind?"

She motions for you to follow. Around the side of the shrine is a set of heavy wooden doors secured by a lock. Sanae opens it, revealing a myriad of tools. There's definitely enough in here to keep up with the needs of the shrine. It's a mix of western and eastern tools - you guess that's probably fine if they're locked up like this.

"Um... well, something in here, anyway. I guess we'd be digging holes, stacking stones, and cutting brush."

You see a few tools nearby that could work for that. First, you grab one of the larger pairs of gloves you see in a basket nearby and try them on. Perfect fit.

You then grab the shovel. Not as good as a post hole digger for putting up markers, you imagine, but you don't see one of those nearby. It fits nicely in your hand, and seems in pretty good shape.

Sanae walks over to the machete and pulls it from the wall. She holds it naturally, as if she's used it many times before. Noticing your discomfort, she turns to face you and smiles - holding the large blade behind her back as she does.

"Hmm. I won't use it on you, so don't worry~"

You laugh, holding your shovel at the ready as if it were a spear of some kind. "That's even more suspicious!"

Sanae relaxes her posture, clearly enjoying herself. "Are you ready? I'm not sure what we'll use for signs... but I think we'll figure something out."

"I guess even some carefully placed sticks would work," You say, letting the shovel fall back to the ground. "But yeah, I'm ready."

The two of you walk out of the shed, and after Sanae locks up, you feel that now familiar feeling again. Your legs suddenly find themselves without ground to stand on as Sanae's wind gently lifts you into the air. It still feels a bit like a dream, but...

"Can I try something?" Sanae asks you, "I think I can go even faster."

You think back to that battle you were watching earlier. Although you don't exactly know if you're up to it, you give her an affirmative nod.

It's insanely fast. The sudden movement almost makes you lose your shovel, but you manage to get your free hand on it before it flies out of your other one. After that, all you can do most of the trip is keep your eye on the machete that Sanae's keeping just slightly in front of you.

But, in the end, nothing bad happens. In maybe only ten minutes or so you find yourself floating over the river from yesterday. It's not the same spot you were attacked... but below, you can see a well worn trail a short distance from the bank.

"Hmm," Sanae wonders, looking around, "I wonder how we'll find the kappa? I don't see them from here."

Actively looking might work... but yesterday, they were pretty well hidden until they jumped you. Might be best to bump into them "randomly" instead.

"Let's get started on the trail by the river," You say, "Maybe I can bait one of them out."

Sanae looks a bit worried at that. "Are you sure?"

"I'm probably better bait than you," You say, shrugging. "And you'll be watching over me, right? So it'll be fine."

After a slight pause, as if she's not sure how to respond, she nods firmly. "That's right."

The two of you lazily float over the river for a while, looking for where the trail first winds out of the woods and along the river. As you head down, you actually recognize where you were yesterday - the clothes you pulled out of the river are still folded up along the bank.

Eventually, though, you land. Looking at your shovel and to the path, you wonder how this is going to work. The machete is easy to see - the path is very overgrown, especially at this end.

"Uh..."

Sanae looks at you, puzzled. "What's the problem?"

"What're we using for marking the trail?"

Both of you look around. There's enough sizeable saplings that you could easily cut them down and make an eye-catching path. But there's also enough larger, elongated stones along the bank that you could roll some of them over and set up.

Sanae finally scratches her head. "Hmm. Why don't you choose?" 

Despite your tiredness earlier, you're starting to feel a bit energetic now that your stomach is full and you're getting some sun. Halfway measures? No.

"How about these?" You wonder, wandering over towards the bank of the river. "I think we can roll--- oof --- a few of these into place, and stack some smaller ones on top."

They're honestly heavier than they look. But cairns would look so much nicer than your alternatives. Assuming you don't throw your back out, this will work fine.

"Do you want some help?" Sanae wonders as she watches you slowly move one of the stones.

"Not right now," You look to the machete in her right hand. "Though, I might regret not taking the easier job later today."

Sanae laughs. "It's harder than it looks. If you don't swing with confidence," She says, slashing a nearby sapling in half with a smoothness that shows she's definitely done this before, "You'll just be hacking things rather than clearing them."

You're sure the sharpness of the blade helps, too, but you just nod instead. "Let's get to work."

Like a well trained grounds crew, the two of you get to work. It takes you a few rocks to finally decide on a size you're comfortable with, but once that's out of the way you start putting up your cairns like you'd done this before. Nice stout pyramids, clearly visible among the cleared grass.

The shovel mostly ends up being useless, but you do use it as a lever on occasion. Still, it's a bit of a comfort to have it nearby.

As you work, you start to get the feeling you're being watched. That feeling served you well yesterday, so you scan the treeline and the river as you shuffle rocks about. You look skyward as well, but you don't see anything obvious. Sanae seems to be happily massacring random plants, unconcerned - so you wonder if it's just you. 

Still, you can't shake the feeling. And you'd rather be paranoid than ambushed.

So although you head back to work, you do so in a way that keeps your head up and where you could drop the rock you're rolling without much effort.

Finally, you do catch a glimpse of movement in the forest. Wait... no, that's just a bird. And that's just a dragonfly. And...

It goes on like this for a while. Finally, Sanae notices you from up the trail and waves at you to get your attention.

"Is something the matter?" She calls out when you finally notice her.

Well, there goes all your careful acting. You stop what you're doing.

"Maybe," You call back, taking another broad glance around as you walk closer towards her. "Something just feels off."

"Hmm? Like what?" She wonders, meeting you halfway.

You laugh. "Dunno."

The two of you look around for a bit, but eventually, Sanae shrugs. "Maybe you're still hungover?"

"... hmm. Maybe."

Well, whatever. You shrug as well, and Sanae goes back to hacking at brush. You head back down the pa---

"oof!"

Your foot snags on a branch right in the middle of the path, sending you tumbling forward. You manage to land on your shoulder rather than your face, fortunately. It hurts, but you don't think you've done any real damage.

"Hey, what happened? Are you ok?"

Sanae extends a hand, helping you to get back up.

You curse as you take her hand. "It's fairies. Has to be."

Sanae laughs, clearly less disturbed by that fact than you are. "What makes you think that?"

Ah. You never did tell her about them, did you? "A trio of them gave me some pretty bad grief yesterday. This seems like something they'd do."

"Hmm." She looks around yet again. "Well, I don't see any."

Dusting yourself off, you look again. Yeah, you don't see any either. But you do think you hear a faint giggle from the brush.

"Did you hear that?" You ask.

"Hear what?"

"... never mind."

It'll be no good if you crack on only your second day. As long as you watch your footing, you doubt there's much a fairy could do to you next to the river like this anyway. It would be pretty impressive if they managed to fell a whole tree on you.

Steeling yourself, you go back to work on a new cairn. You're making pretty good pace, actually, though you doubt you can keep this up all day.

Just then, you hear a sound in the brush. 

Whatever it is, you think this might be your chance to get it to come out of hiding. You stop rolling. With a smooth motion, you scoop a rather small rock from the rocky ground and firmly toss it into the brush.

"Ow!"

It seems your accuracy isn't bad.

"Hah! Knew you were in there! Come out!"

There's a bit more rustling.

"Okay, okay... I'm sorry, mister."

A small girl - no, it must be a fairy - timidly pokes her head up from the bushes. Her red and white dress is quite a bit more elaborate than the ones you saw the fairies wearing yesterday. Her amber hair is a bit of a mess, and she's holding the side of her head.

The rock you threw wasn't that big, but you feel a little bad about it now. You notice Sanae walking down the trail towards you two.

"Oh, did you find someone?"

You look back towards the fairy. "I think so."

At your feet, you notice a ribbon - and you notice that it looks about the same as the other ribbon in the fairy's hair. You pick it up.

"Ah! Mister, can you bring that here?" 

Your intuition is saying not to - definitely a trap of some kind. But who can say no to a cute kid like this? Especially not after you beamed her with a rock.

Careful to watch your footing, you step off the beaten path and into the brush. No snares, no branches... just...

"Where are you going, mister? Over here!"

You look up. Although you were heading straight towards her, she's now pretty far off to your right. Looking back to Sanae, though, she's right where she was before - so how could you...?

Sanae shrugs. Seems she doesn't find anything out of the ordinary about this. Hmm. You point in the direction of the fairy.

"She's over there, right?" You wonder to her, quietly.

Sanae nods. "Yeah. What's wrong?"

"Hmmm..."

Well, with Sanae that close, you imagine you'll be fine even if this is some kind of trap. You carefully plod on.

All of a sudden, someone yells out from high in the air. "Hey, you!"

"Aaaah! What's she doing here!?"

"You didn't think I'd notice, huh? Well, I'm a genius! Come here!"

"Run away!"

In a whirlwind of activity, something blue flies by your face - followed by something green. Whatever it is, it's COLD. The fairy beckoning you flies off into the forest at top speed, another one dressed mostly in white rising out of the brush to follow not far behind.

In a few seconds you lose sight of them. Spinning around, you see Sanae as flabbergasted as you are.

"W-what the heck?" She laughs, "Are you ok?"

You look around. "I think so?"

"You forgot your ribbon!" You call out into the forest, not expecting an answer. But you get one anyway from somewhere closer to the treeline. Or perhaps from the canopy - it's difficult to tell.

"Just leave it on that stump, OK? I'll bring it to her."

There's a stump about 20 feet ahead of you. She (it does sound like a girl's voice) must mean that one. 

Whatever. It's not that far - and you want to be done with this whole thing. Cautiously, you work your way forward, watching your feet while periodically watching the treeline.

Something really big moves in the brush just to the left of the stump as you're nearly there. Like... really big. Although it's below the thick vegetation, now that you've got a location you can see the plants moving.

Not wanting to startle it, you reach out with extreme care and place the ribbon on the stump. But just as you let go of it, you see a big furry head rise up out of the grass.

"Ah."

It looks at you as you mutter something in surprise. For one, you're relieved to see that it's not a monster of some kind. But this is almost certainly a bear.

You freeze, and it does too. You both seem unsure about what to do here.

"What's going on?" Sanae calls out, causing the bear to flip it's big head around to look that way. "What's that?"

You hear some laughing in the trees, but you still can't see from where.

"Really?" You wonder, causing the bear to look back to you. 

A bit of a temper flares up in you. You thought you'd give these two the benefit of the doubt, but... ah, to hell with it!

"Really? This was your plan all along, wasn't it!? A damn bear? What, so he'll maul my face off?!"

You hear laughing in the trees, but you still can't see the culprit. Damn it!

"Come out, you coward!"

You're too busy yelling and cursing to notice Sanae approaching until you suddenly feel a hand on your shoulder. Spinning around, you meet her concerned gaze. It shuts you up at least. Suddenly remembering the bear, you glance sideways.

It's still mostly unconcerned, somehow. When your eyes meet, you get the feeling you're not the only one who's been through a few fairy "pranks". And although you're not sure if it's imagined or not, you think you see it nod in understanding.

"I think it's gone," Sanae says, looking to the bear herself. "Hmm. He looks pretty laid back, doesn't he?"

She reaches into her pouch for some food she'd brought with her, and - without any fear - simply hands it to the bear. The big fuzzball sniffs it a bit before gently taking it out of her hand like a dog would.

Sanae laughs, pulling a bit more food out. She gives it to you this time. "Here, you try."

Your anger is still simmering away, but... seeing the bear looking at the food longingly quenches your rage just a bit. So, you do as told.

"Yeah, sorry about your nap," You say, as it gently takes the food just like it did from Sanae. It doesn't seem to mind too much. 

With your now-empty hand, you reach out and give the bear a pat on the head. It seems to enjoy it, so you give it some scratches behind the ears as well. Before long you find yourself using both hands, giving it a head massage.

Yeah, this guy isn't going to cause you any trouble. He's as much a victim as you were of the fairy's prank. And you could use a break, anyway.

"Oh, I think he likes you," Sanae laughs, moving up to join in. "You know, many early people thought of bears as gods."

The bear lazily rolls over, exposing it's belly. A shameless god? Well, it wouldn't be the first one you've seen in Gensokyo.

"Is that right?" You wonder, moving in for the belly rub, "I guess I remember hearing that. Something about how they're extremely useful... the fur, and their fat, and meat---"

The bear rests it's heavy front paw on your arm, turning to look at you disapprovingly. You get the feeling that it might actually be listening to what you're saying.

"Sorry," You say, "Don't worry. We don't need anything like that."

"That's right," Sanae agrees, "Our shrine has a different god for that."

The bear seems to accept that, letting its heavy paw fall from your arm. It wriggles a bit, getting comfortable again.

After a while, you look to Sanae. "You know, I guess we should get back to work. We've still got to bait the kappa out."

She looks to the bear with some regret. "I guess you're right." 

A strange idea comes to your mind as you take a look at the bear. You know, he'd be a huge help. And he seems smarter than your average bear in general.

"Hey... do you want to help us roll some rocks? We could use a big strong guy like you."

It gives you a blank look. But in a few moments, you sense a vague understanding. The bear stands up.

"W-whoa," Sanae wonders, "Is he really going to help us?"

You laugh. "Maybe he really is a god."

Sanae shakes her head. "Nope. I think he's just grateful."

That doesn't explain how it can know Japanese, of course, but you decide to let that go. It's not the strangest thing you've seen thus far. And maybe he'll be some help if the fairies come back.

All three of you get back to work. In a bizarre show of cooperation, the bear ends up providing you with most of the rocks while you stack them. He seems to enjoy rolling the big ones around. If they were tennis balls, you'd probably mistake him for a dog.

You manage to cover the entire strech of path along the river up to where you were yesterday by about midday. The bear does wander off a few times, but before long he comes back.

Finally, you and Sanae decide to take a break. You end up sitting on the same log as yesterday, overlooking the river, leaning your tools up against the log as well. The bear wanders out into the water as you two watch.

"This is looking really welcoming," Sanae says, looking over her shoulder down river, "I think people won't get too scared following this."

It does look really good, you decide, as you turn to look yourself. "No sign of the kappa, but we've done good."

"Maybe they decided we're not worth it," Sanae shrugs, "I guess we could always force them---"

She pauses mid sentence, watching the river. There's a huge splash, so you turn as well. Your furry friend seems to have caught something human-shaped, holding it up with it's claw by a backpack.

"H-hey! I wasn't doing anything! And I'm not food, so let me go!"

Ah. It's one of those kappa from yesterday. The leader, you think, if you're remembering them right.

"Karma?" You wonder. Without hesitation, Sanae laughs. "Must be. Maybe he's just good at hiding his godliness."

The kappa looks around frantically, flailing it's arms, but with how large the backpack is she can't free herself.

"H-help me out here!" The kappa shouts, looking to you two, "I'm sorry about yesterday!"

The bear looks at you. It seems to be asking what to do. 

Although you strongly consider leaving her up there for a bit, you finally nod to the bear. You think it would be better you could negotiate, rather than coerce.

Your new friend gently lets the kappa down on the riverbank in front of you. While the kappa dusts herself off, the bear wanders back into the water. You guess he's not done fishing yet. Or maybe he's guarding the easy escape route, you realize, as the kappa looks over her shoulder at him.

She seems to accept that she's not going to get out of this one so easily. So instead, she turns to the two of you and prostrates herself on the rocky bank.

"Don't beat me up, please!"

"Nitori, right?" Sanae asks, "Don't worry about it. I don't think we're going to beat you up. You did have breakfast, right?"

Nitori pops back up, all traces of her former distress wiped from her face. Yeah, this is how she looked yesterday - confident.

"Yeah. We managed to secure a whole bunch of food--- ah, cucumbers! Not humans!" She says, noticing the look on your face. "I'm wondering how this guy saw me, though... I thought that optical camouflage suit was perfect."

You laugh. "Wait, the what now?"

Nitori beats her chest proudly. "Do you think the kappa would just let some humans build a bunch of stuff on our river without even watching them?" With a laugh, she adds, "I sure hope those fairies don't come back for you!"

Ah. So she's been watching you this entire time... or at least, since that incident earlier. And speaking of threes, you wonder where the other kappa are?

Sanae begins to walk over to Nitori. You guess she's going to start the "discussion". You pray that it goes well. 

No sense sitting on your duff while Sanae does all the actual work. Even your short rest has left you a little stiff, but you manage to will your body up and wander over.

"Are you OK?" Sanae asks, "It didn't look like he hurt you."

"Huh? N-no, I don't think he did," The kappa says, patting her pack, "I think I'm gonna have to patch the pack up though..."

Nitori looks to you, then to Sanae. "Do you need something? I'm just going to get back to spying---" She says, before pausing abruptly to laugh, "Haha, no, I guess I can't, can I? I guess I'll just be going. I'll need to fix that bug."

"Actually," Sanae says, "We've got something to discuss with you. Do you remember what we were talking about yesterday?"

"Oh, about attacking humans? Why me?"

"The other kappa seem to listen to you, at least a little bit. I know 'kappa do what kappa wanna do', but---"

"---oh," Nitori says, looking around. "Look, don't get the wrong idea. Those two just recognize my genius. And besides, you seemed ok with it."

Sanae shuffles a bit, but she at least seems to be willing to try diplomacy for now. "We changed our minds. Actually, we need to stop the kappa from doing it. At least for a little while."

Nitori tenses up a bit. "Huh. Well, that's just impossible. We're not like the tengu. It's not like we've got a king you can send your shrine's god to to deal with."

Sanae also tenses up a bit, presumably not expecting that bit of information. Laughing, Nitori adds, "Hey, the tengu have actual guards to watch the mountain, but we've got all kinds of remote cameras to watch them. It's really cool stuff."

The two seem to be at a standstill after that. But after a few moments, Sanae speaks.

"Hmm. We'll have to figure out something, then. Because it's not a request." 

You think you see where this is heading, but... well, beating the kappa into submission just doesn't seem practical. Maybe it's better to try and get on their good side. And she does seem to like talking about herself.

"What, you mean like little cameras in the bushes or something?" you wonder. You're curious about these, too. "How does that even work?"

Nitori looks at you blankly. "What do you mean?"

"I mean," You continue, "They need to be powered, right? And you've got to have some kind of way to get the images back to... wherever you're watching them."

"Oh," Sanae says, loosening her tension a bit, "I guess they can't just stick them on the cell network, can they?"

The kappa nods, sagely. "That's right. That's why it's so cool, because I had to figure out all that stuff. But what's a 'cell network'?"

Sanae scratches her head. "Well, it's kind of a... I dunno, it's really complicated to explain. But our cell phones connect to it."

As if remembering something, Sanae pulls a flip phone from her pocket. It's covered in brightly colored little frogs and snakes, and there's a frog-shaped charm hanging from it, but you think you recognize the model. She opens it.

"No service," She says, turning to you, "Imagine that! I guess I can't call someone."

Sanae turns back to the kappa, who's now staring intently at the phone. She turns it around. "You see, we can talk to---"

"Wait, there's a remote network it has to connect to?" Nitori blurts out. In a whirl of motion, she flings her pack off her back and starts digging around in it. "Everything inside was so small, I didn't see a radio... aha!"

With pride, she draws her own phone out of the pack. It's almost as decorated as Sanae's, though it's covered in different little animals like foxes. It's quite a bit more nicked up than Sanae's, too. "I have one too! So, can we make them talk directly?"

Sanae laughs, clearly not expecting this. "N-no, I don't think so."

"So," The kappa presses, "How do I make the screen glow like on yours?"

"Is the battery dead?" You wonder, "I'm not sure how you got that thing, but I imagine it didn't come with a charger."

You can tell that Nitori can barely contain herself. "I didn't see a battery. Say, do you two want to come back to my lab? We can talk more there!"

Sanae looks to you. "Hmm. What do you think?" 

The kappa looks on expectantly. You can tell she already expects you to come. And who would you be if you let her down? At the very least, you're curious to see this "lab".

"May as well. What do you---"

Before you can get Sanae's opinion on the matter, Nitori butts in. "Great! You know, most outsiders don't come with much. Do you have anything else cool?"

Sanae looks like she's about to answer, but she's interrupted as well. "No, no, wait. Don't answer that. Let's get to the lab first! It'll be faster if we fly."

With haste, she slings her pack back onto her back and jets up into the sky. Sanae laughs, a weary expression on her face. You can already tell this is going to be exhausting, and you think your boss shares the opinion.

"Ready?"

"Almost. Hey!"

You call out to the bear, who seems to be contently fishing away. "We'll be back later, probably. Maybe we'll see you then?"

It turns to you, a vague look of understanding in its eyes. Yeah, you get the feeling you will. Sanae waves to it as well, and in a few moments you find yourself being lifted up into the sky.

Nitori grumbles about you two taking too long, even though the whole exchange only took a handful of seconds. But beyond that, you just follow the kappa uneventfully. She just leads you up the river.

Eventually, she decends near a rougher part of the river. There's a large collection of boulders that have come to rest here, rather than the usual smaller stones. You guess they've come down the mountain as well.

"Check this out," Nitori says, proudly. She walks up to one of the boulders and starts tapping on it. And in a few moments, a door-shaped panel slides into the ground.

"Cool, right?"

You can't help yourself. Maybe

"I gotta be honest," you shrug, seeing an opening in her ego, "it would be cooler of it was automatic. Like, if you just walked up and it opened for you. Maybe some kind of facial recognition to keep it from opening for just you?"

"..."

Sanae giggles. "Or maybe make it voice activated? But I still think it's pretty cool for a secret base. I'm kind of jealous."

"A-anyway," Nitori says, shaking off "The door is just a door, it's not that important. And it's not a secret base, it's a lab. The most advanced one in Gensokyo, in fact. Come on."

Hastily, the kappa heads inside the door and down the huge stairwell behind it. The stairs are a bit more what you'd expect from a stereotypical secret lab - textured sheets of metal. Although, only the floor is metal, the rest of the cave is natural stone.

A dozen steps or so down the stairs, Nitori pushes something on the wall. With a rather powerful sliding noise, the door closes behind you. You hope you don't have to leave in a hurry.

The stairs... go on for a while. You stop counting over a hundred steps.

"Just how did you carve all this?" you wonder aloud, "This would be some serious work to do by hand."

Nitori, who had been silent until now, seems eager to boast about it. "Hmm. Well, actually - steam power! Steam powered tools, that is. The auto-pickaxe, and the super-smoother, and..."

She rattles off a few things that sound like weirdly named power tools. And it sounds like it was something that she's been working on for at least one human lifetime.

"But wait, steam?"

"Steam. It's a really convenient way to power things, you know! Running electricity all over the place is just a pain, and batteries are way too big for the power they hold. You just have to be careful not to run the pressure too high..."

You continue to descend. You suppose there's not much in the way of fossil fuels being produced in Gensokyo. "But wait, how do you power those cameras you were talking about earlier? Steam?"

As you pop your question, you finally set foot on level ground. The stairs end at the foot of another door - a heavy and metal one. Nitori stops and turns around, mostly ignoring your question.

"Now, a few safety rules," she says, "Don't touch anything without asking. And... well, I guess there's only one."

After getting affirmative nods from both you and Sanae, she turns around again. This door just slides open after turning the handle.

On the other side is a massive cavern. Like the cave leading down, the floor (and some distance up from the floor) are metal, while the rest is natural stone. Although the ceiling is decorated with ductwork and other various metal bits.

Along the walls, and in various piles, are... ridiculous amounts of clutter.

"So," Nitori says, walking up to Sanae, "Can I see your, uh, 'cell phone' again?"

Sanae, taken back by the sight of all the junk lying around, seems to not be keen on the idea. "Wait, what do you plan to do with it?"

"Well," Nitori says, "Mine doesn't work, and yours does. So I wanna take it apart and see why!"

Sanae looks mortified. "What? No! I've had this phone forever!"

Nitori pulls back. "It's the only way, unless you can just tell me how it works. And besides, I can just put it back together... I think." 

Sanae seems to have taken her phone out of her outfit habitually, as if this might be the last time she sees it. When you see Nitori eyeing it, you decide to say something before she does something.

"Whoa, hey," you say, coming to Sanae's defence. "You can't just destroy someone's phone."

Nitori quickly turns to you, puzzled. "I just want to take the... shell off and look inside. I'm not going to destroy it. Probably. The shell does come off, yeah? It's just a few screws, right?"

"These things are like a third limb, or maybe a second head, to us outsiders," you say, nodding sagely. "You can't just treat it so casually."

That just confuses her even more. "... hmm. Why?"

You shrug, patting your pocket. Oh. Yours is still in your hotel room. Oh, man... you push the thought of that whole mess out of your mind. Don't need to think about that now. "... I'm not sure. But that's how it is."

"Weird," Nitori says, scratching her head. She looks at the obviously dead phone in her hand, then to the one in Sanae's hand. "You're not going to tease me like this, though, right? That's why I brought you down here in the first place."

"If you're careful," Sanae says, quietly, "I guess it's ok."

You turn to Sanae. "You sure?"

"I think it's--- whoa!"

Having permission, the kappa practically bum rushes Sanae and grabs her phone from her hands and rushes off into the lab. "I promise I'll be extra careful! Really!"

"W-wait a second!"

Sanae takes off after Nitori. For whatever reason, it doesn't really occur to either of them to fly, so they just rush off among the mounds of junk leaving you alone at the entrance. 

You'll just... mosey over there, you think, rather than rush after them. Wherever 'there' is. You think you get the general direction, at least.

As you wander, you can't help but take notice of just what all the mounds are composed of. It really is all junk. Lots of old electronics with broken screens, cracked cases, bent antennas... all the way back to things you can't even place. Old, massive computers.

But not all of it is in piles, you find. At least some of it is finding new life on workbenches strewn over the lab as well. She's definitely a tinkerer. You can't even guess at what most of this stuff does.

However, eventually, you start to hear the high pitched whine of a chorus of CRT monitors. As you turn the corner of another junk pile, you see why.

This computer is on. And you guess this must be the camera system that Nitori had mentioned earlier. There's 4 monitors. Two of them you recognize as mountain scenery. One of them is pointed at the river - though you see no cairns, so it must not be the part you were on earlier.

The fourth looks like it's just low lighting, so you can't really tell what's going on.

There's a whole bunch of buttons in a row below the monitors, and resting on a table below that is a keyboard. Oddly, there's no chair nearby or anything. 

Although there doesn't appear to be anything immediately interesting, you decide to watch the screens for a while. These are live, right? They certainly appear to be.

You do confirm that after a few minutes when you see a bird land on a bush in one of the ones up on the mountain. You see a few objects zip by on the one with the open sky, too, though those are going too fast to make out as anything more than a blue, white, and red blur.

Just as you're about to give up on anything interesting appearing, the fourth camera lights up. It's... whoa.

Is that the Tengu's throne room? You recall your visit there yesterday, and although it's a different angle than before, this is clearly it.

The king enters. And after a while, many tengu enter. They all look pretty well armed. More like that Momiji character than the Aya one you met. There's no audio, unfortunately, so you can't really tell what's going on.

"What's that?"

Sanae's sudden question from behind you causes you to jump a bit. And she laughs.

"Oh, sorry. Did I scare you?"

"A bit," You say, "I was just watching these. I think these are the cameras we were talking about earlier. Where's Nitori?"

"She's taking apart my phone still," Sanae says, "Actually, she really was going to be careful with it. I shouldn't have been so worried."

"Ah, that's good."

"Is that the throne room?"

"That's what I thought, too."

With two of you confirming it, it's gotta be true. But you still can't tell what they're doing. It looks like it's a bit of a royal audience, although you can't imagine a king entertaining that many soldiers at once on a regular basis.

You really wish there were some kind of audio. 

Still, this bodes well. This doesn't look like they're being fired up for war or anything, but more like the king is just announcing something to them. Hopefully, that your shrine is all good to go.

There is someone missing, though. "I wonder where Kanako is?"

"She's around," Sanae says, nodding, "She's just watching, though, so she's not manifested."

"You can tell all that from here?"

"Yep." Sanae says, simply. "It's hard to explain, though."

"Hello?! Where did you two go?!"

The kappa's voice echoes out from somewhere in the lab. In a cavern like this, the sound seems to come from everywhere at once. You're glad you won't have to figure out exactly where it's coming from, because you'd be absolutely lost if you did.

"Do you think she's done already?"

"Maybe," Sanae says, gazing off towards the "She was surprisingly quick at getting that cover off. I guess we should head back."

You take another glance at the monitors. Well, you suppose this isn't why you came down here in the first place. Interesting, but a distraction, you suppose. You follow behind Sanae, out into the lab and around the giant heaps of stuff.

It's not the most direct route, but eventually, you do make it back to where Nitori is waiting. She looks a bit agitated.

"Geez, where'd you go?"

"I think I got a little lost," Sanae laughs, "This place is really big."

"It is, isn't it?" Nitori says, proudly, "I'm gonna make it bigger eventually."

"So, did you figure it out? Can I have it back?"

"Huh?"

"The phone," you say, unable to help yourself.

"Ah, right, right! Well, I couldn't figure out this one bit..."

She holds up the battery. "So how do I get it open?"

"I don't think you do," you shrug, "That's the battery. It doesn't open."

Nitori looks at it in disbelief. "This is a battery? You don't need it, right? I'll just---"

"You must have some of those around, right?" Sanae says, sounding a little desperate. "I don't think you need mine."

"Hmm, hmm... well, I think you're right," Nitori says, "But I did see how the rest of it worked"

You look over her shoulder and to the workbench she'd been at with the phone. The battery compartment is open, but the phone itself doesn't look harmed. Just like that, she places the battery into the phone and hands it back to Sanae.

"Thanks! You've been a great help," she says, immediately wandering off into the maze of junk. As she does, she says absent-mindedly, "You know the way out, right? I've gotta go find one of these batteries, so..."

Sanae seems a bit alarmed. "What about our talk?"

Nitori stops. "What talk? Turns out it was simple enough that we didn't need to talk about it at all! But maybe sometime we can talk about those 'cell towers'."

"No, about the trail we want to use..."

Nitori laughs. "Oh, that again? I wasn't kidding, I can't really do anything." 

Sanae stares at Nitori as the kappa turns to walk away. Yeah, you think you know that look by now. You decide to offer a compromise, rather than what looks like it'll naturally follow.

"You really can't do anything?" You wonder, "It seems like you could at least try."

Nitori stops again, and turns around. "Look, I'm brilliant, but kappa are nothing like machines. They're way too complicated."

Sanae, though, picks up on where you're going. "But you had those two from yesterday following you, right?"

"A-haha, yeah... well, not really. They were just tagging along for some mischief."

"Could you at least keep yourself out of mischief if a human is on the trail?" Sanae wonders, "We can deal with the other kappa if we need to. I think they might listen to you, though."

Nitori thinks about it for a bit. "Hmm. Well, as long as we're friends, I guess I could do that. But it might not work. I can't guarantee anything."

This is working... surprisingly well. You can't help but wonder if she's just trying to get you out of here, but she seems sincere.

"I think that's better than guaranteeing nothing," Sanae says, turning to you, "Right?"

"Definitely."

"Let's shake on it," Nitori says, "That's what outsiders do - shake, right?"

Sanae laughs. "Where'd you get that idea? Well... it's not exactly wrong."

You just extend your hand, expecting Nitori to come near. But instead, she reaches for something on her belt... and suddenly, a hand-like thing extends out to grab your hand. You don't know what to say, but Nitori grins.

"I just wanted to test the pressure. Pretty cool, right?"

With a laugh, Sanae moves in close to avoid the extendo-arm... thing. Nitori looks a bit off-put by the personal space invasion, and although you hadn't noticed it until now Sanae's about a head taller. But they do shake on it.

"Guess that's official, then. Well, see ya!"

Nitori starts to wander off into the lab. 

"Bye!"

Sanae bids her farewell, but you just watch. What a strange person.

The two of you make to leave. It takes a bit of wandering, but after a while you find your way to the door you came in through. ... or at least, that's what you think. You find yourself blinded by the outside light when you press the "open" button on the interior keypad, but the roaring sound from outside is enough to tell you that it's different.

"A waterfall?" Sanae asks, loud enough to be heard.

"Guess this is a different entrance!" you call back, stepping outside. Yeah. After a few moments, that's clearly where you are. You remember seeing this one from the air yesterday. It's the big falls, near the foot of the cliffs leading up to the tengu territory.

As you look around, though, your eyes meet that of a tengu. You freeze. This is definitely Momiji. Right now, she looks about as surprised as you probably do.

"Wow, it's really beautiful," Sanae says, paying absolute attention to the falls, "Way bigger than it looked from above!" 

It takes another moment or two, but as the cogs in your brain start moving again, you realize you should probably do something. So, you raise your hand high and give the tengu a wave.

"Hey!"

Momiji doesn't really respond, although she does appear to snap out of her surprise as well. Sanae, however, does.

"Huh?"

Sanae turns to you. Then, following your gaze, she turns to the guard. She also follows suit.

"Hi!"

With two people greeting her, the tengu relaxes her body a bit and closes her eyes for a moment. If you were closer, you imagine you'd hear a sigh. Without much more movement, she flies down to you two, coming to rest on a rock a bit further uphill.

Yeah, that's definitely her. A tinge of fear comes to you, but you brush it off.

"These are Tengu lands," Momiji says, firmly "Leave at once."

That's... different than yesterday. The king himself said that you were to be treated like visitors. Did she not get the message? Or is there something else going on?

"No way," Sanae says, quickly, "We're allowed here, right?"

Momiji looks to Sanae, her expression serious. "That has changed. You are to be given passage through our lands. But you are no longer to be treated as visitors."

Sanae frowns. You don't think this is going to erupt immediately, but you can feel the tension building in the air. 

"Huh?" you ask, a bit bewildered. Strange that things would change so quickly. "Why's that?"

Momiji doesn't answer for a few moments, but eventually says, "It just has. I didn't ask why."

"I wonder if it's not going well..." Sanae mutters to herself. Then, speaking up, she adds, "So, you're telling us to leave, right? What happens if we don't?"

Momiji doesn't bother answering, as if that much was obvious. Although she does glance slightly to the large sword at her side.

"Danmaku, right?" You wonder out loud.

"For her," Momiji says, "For you, we'd take you prisoner and question you after besting her."

"That's... still better," You say, forcing a laugh before Sanae can start to get too worked up, "Yesterday it was death."

"We shouldn't be talking," Momiji finally says, "If you will be passing through, please do so. Otherwise, leave."

"Where does your land start? It's somewhere around here, right?"

Momiji nods. She shows you some markings on the rocks that can be used to tell where. Once you realize where they run, you can't help but laugh. You see that the door you just came out of is probably a half inch behind that line. So, walking around the side of the rock pile it resides in, you look to her.

"That's good, right?"

Momiji sighs, shaking her head. "Technically. But I wouldn't play games. I am being lenient, but others might not be."

Sanae nods, heading behind the line herself. "Hmm. Well, it sounds like if we don't cross it, we'll be ok. Technically."

Momiji nods. It's hard to tell with her, but you don't feel that absolute coldness you felt yesterday. But she seems intent on staying where she is and watching you two.

Sanae turns to you, scratching her head. "Well, that's kind of annoying, isn't it? Hmm." 

You're at a loss, yourself. While you process this new revelation, you decide to chat a bit with Momiji. Should be no harm in it now. And, honestly, you're feeling a bit cheeky.

"So... I don't suppose you take bribes or anything, right?"

She glares back.

"Kidding, kidding," you laugh, "Aah, it must be boring having to guard the border all day, though."

"It's not. It's even been more lively than normal lately."

As she says that, she looks to you two intently. Sanae laughs.

"I bet," she says, "There's probably not too many humans that try to come up here on their own, right?"

Although Momiji looks like she's going to answer, she quickly decides against it and says nothing. Huh. Now, you're really curious. You wanna poke more. Even if she doesn't know anything useful, that reaction is kind of fun.

"We've got to finish setting up the road signage," You continue, "Maybe you'd like to help? Might be less boring than watching us do it."

"Aaah, yeah," Sanae says, as if she'd forgotten all about that after the kappa visit, "I wonder if that bear is still waiting? But a strong tengu would be a real help, too."

You hear a rather solid *thunk* behind you before anyone really has a chance to do something else. It's plastic sounding, but beyond that, you're not really sure what it was.

A... film case? It's been years since you've seen actual film, but you're sure that's what this is. You look up.

"Geh."

Among the branches of the tree, you see a now-familiar crow tengu. She looks like she's in a real awkward position, though - it's no wonder she dropped something. 

You look back to the film case. It's definitely on your side of the line, and it's not too far out of reach. With a second look back to Aya, you sprint the few steps over towards it. That second glance shows you that you won't go unopposed, so you decide to dive for it.

"Oof!"

As you do, something lands on your back. The impact knocks you out of the air a bit earlier than you had planned. But, somehow, you manage to stretch your arm out and grab the film. Whoever is above you reaches for it, but you quickly tuck it under your chest.

"H-hey! Are you OK? Get off him!"

It all happens so quickly that Sanae takes a second to figure out what's going on. But, it seems she's realized now. The pressure on your back lifts a bit, but you stay rolled over to better guard your capture. You give Sanae a thumbs up with your free hand.

"Tch. You're faster than you look, shrine boy."

Sanae kneels down beside you. "What's going on?"

"He's got my property," Aya says, from a few steps behind you now, "I saw that he was going to snatch it up, so I tried to stop him without hurting him. He's fine."

"I snatched up some film she dropped," you say, stating your case to no one in particular. Then, to Sanae, you add "Here."

Quickly, and carefully, you manage to get it handed off to Sanae. She stashes it in one of her many hidden pockets, tucking it away from prying hands. And with that taken care of, you stand up - with the help of your new boss.

Aya's expression is... hard to read. She looks amused, but it's completely at odds with how Sanae looks, so it feels a bit sinister. "It's just some pictures of you setting up some stones, dealing with kappa, and chatting with our admirable guard here."

With that last bit, she smiles at Momiji. Momiji doesn't smile back. It looks like she's more focused on the situation, rather than what people are saying. Turning back to Sanae, though, she grins a bit.

"Oh? Still angry about this morning? Don't worry, you just need some time to become competent," Aya laughs, sounding absolutely sincere. "It's not going to happen overnight! And, I definitely think it won't happen over a few hours. So... you can give that back, right?"

You look at Sanae. Yeah, she's fired up. Not... angry, per se, but definitely looking a bit rowdy. There's no chance she's going to give it up on her own. She catches your gaze. Nothing needs to be said, so instead you just give her a small nod.

"I want to try again," Sanae says, "That's how these things work, right? If I lose, I'll give it to you."

Aya seems pleased at her attitude. But rather than looking at Sanae, she looks to Momiji. "Hmm. Well, we could play again if you want. How about you, though? You look like you want to try."

Momiji looks a bit surprised at being called out. "W-well... yes. We didn't have the chance when we first met."

"Haha! Great!" Aya laughs, turning to Sanae. "If Momiji here loses, you can keep the film. How does that sound?"

Although she does hesitate a bit, Sanae eventually agrees. Both her and Momiji slowly rise into the air. It looks like they both don't want to be too hemmed in by the falls or the trees nearby, so they move themselves over into open ground. On the not-tengu side of the border, of course.

"Great! Ah, that's great," Aya says, getting her camera ready. You guess she must have at least some film left in the camera. To you, she asks, "Playing danmaku is fun, but watching it can be fun too. Don't you think so? You must have seen a bunch by now."

She's not asking for an interview this time, but you can't help but suspect she's angling for one anyway. 

The battle between the two starts with an eruption. No build up on this one, you guess - they're just going to go all out against each other.

"Sure. It's definitely fun to watch."

You're not sure if it's a good idea or not, but you decide not to be too cold to her. You'll still be careful with your answers, but maybe she'll be less willing to exaggerate.

"So, now that she's not around, I want the juicy details," Aya says, "What were you two up to last night?"

Ah, back to that. You laugh a bit. "You really took that too far, you know? It's really nothing like that."

"Oh. Really?" Aya wonders, sounding a bit disappointed. "I thought for sure it was true when I saw her this morning. You know, even if she denys it, with a flustered face like that no one is going to believe her."

It turns out she's not really that interested in interviewing you after all. Rather than a flurry of questions, she seems to be focused more on the battle.

"Huh. You know, maybe our guard wasn't the best choice for this battle."

"No?"

"She's not very original - if you can dodge it once, you can dodge it again," Aya says, sighing. "Hmm, that's no good! She's one of our better guards."

"Do you two know each other?"

"We go back a ways," Aya nods, "She--- wait, isn't this backwards?"

"Huh?"

Her response makes it sound almost like she's talking to herself. "... though, I guess the border guard being incompetent is a better story for tomorrow, so maybe it doesn't matter too much. Thanks for giving me an excuse to have those two test each other! This is a great scoop."

She looks away from her camera for a brief moment to say that last bit. It's clear she's enjoying all this.

Although you keep one eye on the battle, you decide that this might be one of your better chances to get to know this person. You doubt she's going to leave you alone for a while.

"She's one of the better guards?"

"Eh? Yeah," Aya says half-heartedly. She seems to be mostly focused on the battle for now. "Can't you tell?"

"Well, I've not been here that long. And she's the only guard we've dealt with."

"She's... hmm, well, let's just say she's a pretty high rank," Aya says, "We take our borders seriously. So to be trusted as a border guard means a lot. That's why you guys are being treated so harshly now."

"Is that right?"

Aya nods. "We were kind of in shock yesterday. But we're a bit more back to normal today."

"Huh. So, that's how you'd normally greet strange people?"

A particularly brilliant set of danmaku flows from both sides, and the crow snatches it all up with a quick flurry of shots from her camera. Then, she turns to you, grinning. "Well, it makes for some interesting news, anyway. I wonder what you'll do?"

"Don't ask me," you laugh, "I'm just the assistant."

"And what a quick promotion it was," Aya nods, turning back to the battle, "You really aren't kidding about that all being a misunderstanding last night, are you?"

You can tell that she means the story about the rowdy party you had. "It really was. That was just some co-workers celebrating. Though, I guess it might be hard to tell that from a crack in the door."

Aya laughs heartily. "Well, even if you two aren't in to each other yet... I wonder... wouldn't that make a good story?"

Yeah, you thought it might go here. "No comment."

"Aw, don't be like that," She says, turning away from the battle for a moment. "I promise I'll treat this part as 100% confidential."

You guess your suspicion is showing on your face, because she laughs again. "Really! I'll even go as far as to say I won't report on anything you say about the matter. Not even 'an anonymous source says X'."

"Why do you want to know, then?"

"Hey," she grins, "I'm a reporter, but I'm also a woman. Who wouldn't want to know? I have no idea if I should be rooting for you two or not."

"... no comment."

Regardless of what you think, it's probably best not to open yourself up too much to her. You think things are going to get complicated - not just with her, but with the tengu in general. So keeping a few things back might be wise.

"Oh? Well," She says, seemingly more amused than anything, "It's more fun if you won't tell me, anyway. Yeah, that's definitely better."

You almost hesitate to say anything further, but... no, if it is going to become complicated, keeping doors open might not be a bad idea. Aya seems like she might not be that bad once you get past the reporter bit. "Next time, just come inside rather than taking pictures through the door, though."

"Do you think your boss would be ok with that kind of invitation?"

You grin. "Well, I'm not sure what would happen if you do come in. But it's still better than creeping around in the dark. People might get the wrong idea."

"Oh, is that right? Well, danmaku is a fine side dish to go with some sake. But I think, given the situation you and us tengu are in, I'll have to creep around in the dark for now. We'll have to do it some other time."

In a sort of round-a-bout way, she confirms what you've been suspecting. You guess it's probably not too good for her to be seen with you guys all that much. As you consider setting up a night watch, the battle flares up again. This time, though, half the danmaku simply vanishes. Aya chuckles, letting her camera finally take a rest.

"Heh. Guess I won't be getting that film back. ...well, I guess I could just challenge her now. Ahhh... but I said she could keep it if Momiji lost... hmm."

As she talks to herself about what to do next, you strain your eyes to see what the two in the air are up to. You don't need to strain them for long, though, as they appear to be heading this way.

Momiji looks positively beat. Even her landing back on her old rocky perch isn't very graceful, and after making it, she takes a seat. Not something you'd expect a guard to do. Sanae's landing isn't much better, but she mostly just seems out of breath. It's clear it wasn't an easy win.

"Master Aya... I'm sorry."

"No, no, don't worry about the film," Aya says, "There really wasn't anything important on it. You gave it your all, right?"

Momiji hangs her head, but doesn't respond.

"Well," Aya says, turning to Sanae. "The film is yours. I think you've got great potential. We should definitely go all-out on each other next time we get to play."

Sanae, too tired to offer much of a response, just nods back. It seems like the battle sated her desire for revenge, at least for now.

"I'll even throw in a bonus and not report on you guys stealing it from me. Just don't stir up too much trouble, OK? Even a high ranked guard is still just a rank-and-file guard."

She says that last bit while looking at you. Yeah, her message there is pretty clear. 'We'll definitely stop you if you start causing too much', or something like that. The fight was valuable information for your side as well.

At that point, Momiji forces herself to her feet. Even Aya seems a bit surprised by that, chiding her a bit.

"Hey, don't over do it. You got beat pretty badly. I'll watch the border for a bit. So," She says, looking to you, "Where are you two off to next? After you rest a bit, of course." 

You're not sure... but Sanae looks pretty worn down by that last fight. You decide to offer her a chance to rest and see if she takes it.

"It's about lunch time. Maybe we should head back up to the shrine for a bit and regroup?"

Sanae seems to be on board with that idea, so you turn back to Aya and confirm it. "Yeah. That's what we'll do."

Aya seems to be asking more for Momiji's benefit. "See?" She says, turning to the worn-down guard, "I'll even see them there."

It's a while before you get going. It seems that the fight had been pretty intense, so it takes more than a few minutes for Sanae to catch her breath. Eventually, though, she grabs your shoulder from behind.

"Sorry. Ready?"

You turn around. "If you are."

She nods, before turning back to Aya. "Next time, let's fight ourselves."

Aya grins. "You sure? Well, don't complain when I beat you again. Your assistant says I should break in next time you all are drinking, so don't blame the alcohol - ok?"

"He... what?"

"Nothing," you say. You thought you did pretty well about not saying anything bad, but... well, that little jab just makes you laugh a bit nervously. "We were just chatting a bit. I'll tell you later."

Sanae gives you a suspicious look, while Aya seems amused enough. "You two go first," the crow says. Turning back to Momiji, "I'll follow behind and make sure they don't get 'lost' and end up sightseeing instead, so make sure you take an extra long break. Ok?"

Momiji gives a nod, first to Aya and then to Sanae. "It was a good battle. Thank you."

Sanae nods back. And, once again, you feel that familiar feeling lift you up into the sky - although it feels more clumsy than it does this morning. You really wish you didn't have to rely on Sanae to get around. You begin to wish there was some way you could get around it, but you're just a human.

Although it's slow and clumsy, you make it back to the shrine without incident. It's hart to tell exactly how, but you can feel that Kanako is somewhere around as well.

"Hey, how about another interview?" Aya asks, not too long after you land. "Maybe we could chat over lunch?"

"Definitely not!" Sanae yells, before you have much of a chance to think about it. "Don't you have some more gossip to print?"

Seems she's got some of her fire back. Aya smirks. "Is that how it is? Well, I'll see you later."

The two of you watch her go. "You know," you laugh, after you're pretty sure she's out of earshot. "She's definitely going to print some now."

"Whatever," Sanae says, sighing, "At least we got the film. What were you two talking about?"

"Nothing bad," you say, "She was trying to bait me into saying a few things. I guess she was pretty frustrated that Momiji couldn't beat you easily, though. It sounded like she was going to write on that today."

"... well, it's not like it was easy," Sanae says, "She was pretty tough. It's good that we didn't fight yesterday."