You wander around the arcade for a little bit, looking for a game to play. You see a nearby crane game and start playing it. There’s several cute prizes in the game, any of which your sisters would love. Fifteen minutes later, you have a small stack of prizes packed into the bag with the doll you bought earlier. You just got another one when Kaguya comes back up to you. She seems to have changed her clothes somewhere and it looks like she’s wearing some sort of skirt and a pink shirt. She looks far more feminine than the outfit she wore while playing did.

“So I see you’re bleeding my arcade dry.” She smiles impishly. “No matter. There’s plenty of other machines that you’re not bleeding out, so I’ll overlook this one. So, shall we go?”
You ask her what she means by "go".

“Silly. I’m taking you out to dinner. I had to make sure that the arcade was ready to close. So come on.” Kaguya grabs your arm and starts pulling on you. You grab the last prize out of the prize slot, and allow yourself to be pulled along. The two of you walk down the street, Kaguya hanging off of your arm.

“Ah! Here it is!” Kaguya pulls you into a diner. The two of you get seated and a waiter comes over and gives you menus. The two of you order, and then begin chatting pleasantly while trying to decide what to order.

Suddenly, you feel something running over your leg. Kaguya has that impish grin on her face again. Both of her hands are on the table so that means. Her foot?! Her foot is running along the inside of your leg, back and forth, just barely touching. You’re suddenly having a very hard time concentrating on the menu in front of you. Kaguya giggles. The waiter is back quite quickly, you think. Kaguya orders something. You don’t hear what. Her foot slips higher up your leg. GAH! You twitch, then realize that the waiter is looking at you expectantly. You tell him that you’ll have whatever Kaguya ordered. The waiter nods and walks off.

“Oh? Having a hard time concentrating?” Kaguya giggles again. DAMN HER. It feels nice though. BUT DAMN HER.

The waiter returns quickly with drinks. Kaguya thanks the waiter while her foot continues to caress your leg. You’re about ready to reach down there and make her stop, but for some reason you don’t. She’s slid down in her seat slightly, and one of her toes now brushes over your crotch. You shudder involuntarily. Why does she have to be doing this in public, where you have no option to retaliate? You couldn’t get your shoe off easily, and trying to return the favor with your shoe on would be stupid. You sigh. Her foot trails back down your leg. You shift uncomfortably in your seat.

The waiter brings out your food, and Kaguya sits up straight. She thanks the waiter. She smirks at you before digging in. You look at the meal in front of you. It’s nothing much, but it looks good. You dig in too, but just as you’re about to take a bite, Kaguya’s foot returns, playing lightly over your inner thigh. You just about drop your fork. You glare daggers at Kaguya. She continues eating, looking at you with a faux confused look on her face.

“Oh? You seem to be having some trouble. I wonder why.” Kaguya grins, and then resumes eating. You try to take another bite cautiously, but nothing happens this time. You manage to eat a bit more before Kaguya gently runs her toe over your crotch. This time you actually do drop the fork. Kaguya looks up.

“My, my, such trouble you’re having just trying to eat. Maybe I should come over there and help you?” She laughs. You shake your head, and pick up your fork again. Rising to her game is not going to get you anywhere. You continue eating, and this time, when she begins running her foot along your leg, you barely flinch. You continue eating, and she redoubles your efforts. You somehow manage to not raise to her game. She seems to be pouting now.

“You’re no fun. Oh well.” Kaguya sits up straight and finishes eating. She still seems to be pouting. You finish eating as well. The two of you get up to leave. Kaguya pays, as promised, and the two of you head outside, Kaguya still hanging on your arm. You ask her why she’s hanging on your arm. Kaguya giggles.

“You’ll see soon enough~”

You wonder what she’s talking about when you hear a shout. Wait that sounds like.. Mokou? Somewhere, deep inside of you, a fear awakes. It is a primal, and eternal fear. Is this what the fight or flight response is? The will to stay alive? Every cell in your body is screaming in chorus now. Something terrible is about to happen. You slowly turn, and see Mokou standing there. Kaguya still hanging onto your arm, now squeezing it tightly and smirking at Mokou.
“Good evening, Mokou, How are you tonight?” The impish grin gets larger.

“Y-y-you. What are you doing with.. HER.” Mokou jabs a finger at you accusingly. You start to try and explain what’s going on but Kaguya cuts you off.

“Isn’t it obvious? We’re out on a date.” She rubs her cheek on your arm. “We just had dinner too, didn’t we, dearest?” She releases your arm and throws her arms around your middle, and squeezes tightly.

Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit, oh shit. Mokou looks PISSED.

Mokou is ANGRY, you swear you can see fire raising off her body. You look at her with a pleading "save me" look on your face, then you try to calm her down verbally. You tell her it’s not what it looks like.

“Oh? So I give you a foot job in a restaurant, and it’s not a date? I see how it is.”

Your head whips around to look at Kaguya, the look of horror on your face evident. You whip back around to look at Mokou, who is now storming closer. You start to back away involuntarily, you raise your hands and wave them back and forth, telling her that isn’t what happened, this is all a huge misunderstanding. Mokou doesn’t seem to be listening any more. She’s probably about three steps away from you now, and you swear you can FEEL the heat and rage radiating off of her, her eyes seem to be glowing menacingly too. SHIT! SHIT, SHIT! Kaguya’s just smirking at Mokou, while clinging to you. 

Mokou closes the small gap between the two of you. You close your eyes and steel yourself for the blow you’re sure is to come. However, it never does. Well, not to you anyways. You feel Mokou’s fist go flying right past you and connect with a very surprised Kaguya’s face. You open your eyes in time to see Kaguya slide back away from you, clutching her face. She lands on her backside, but is quickly up on her feet.

“You BITCH.” She coughs, still holding her nose, “If you broke my nose..”

“You’ll what, cry for your little nanny? TASUKETTE EIRIN~! Feh. Learn to do something on your own, you little cunt.”

Kaguya sputters with rage before charging at Mokou. The two are quickly locked in combat, giving and taking blows back and forth. A crowd’s gathering, and someone seems to have called the police. Shit! This can’t be good.

The cops are trying to force their way through the crowd, which isn’t giving way to them very easily. You’ve got one shot at this. THERE. Mokou and Kaguya are about to hit each other, you charge in while they’re close and effectively tackle them. Lifting one up onto each shoulder you plow through the crowd and out the opposite side from the police. Once on the edge of the crowd, you drop the girls, grab them by their wrists, and yank them along behind you. The three of you keep running until you stumble across a small park. Crawling inside one of the little statuette things there, the three of you are breathing heavily. The cops run past outside, unsure of where you might have gone to hide. So now you’re hiding under some sort of Elephant slide, Mokou on one side of you, Kaguya on the other side. And you, once again, Stuck in the middle. It’s also exceedingly dark inside here. You sigh deeply, but before you can do anything else, Mokou starts in on Kaguya.

“What the FUCK do you think you were doing?!”

“Oh, Like you care about him, little miss, I’ve been there forever but I’ve never made a move.”

Mokou sounds hurt by that comment but continues on. “Quit messing with him! He doesn’t know what he’s doing right now!”

“Oh, sure. That’s a likely excuse from a sore looser like you. Next you’ll tell me he has amnesia or something.”

You pipe in and say that you actually DO have amnesia.

“And another thin.. Wait, What did you say?” Kaguya sounds shocked when you say that you have amnesia.

“He’s telling the truth. I don’t have any reason to doubt him, not after what happened a couple of days ago..”

The pain in Kaguya’s voice is evident. “So.. Wait.. That means.. You, you don’t.. You don’t remember anything? Anything at all?”
You shake your head sadly, and tell her that you can’t.

“I thought.. I thought since you came to play that meant..” Her voice trails off to nothing. It’s dark outside now, and dark inside here. You can’t see Kaguya’s face, but you can hear her sobbing quietly.

You sit there, unsure of what to do. Mokou seems uncomfortable too, as she’s shifting back and forth, and otherwise fidgeting.

“I thought you had..” Kaguya sighs, still sobbing slightly, “How did it happen?”

You tell her what you’ve been told as to what happened. Kaguya sits there in silence while you explain.

“Ah.” Is the only thing Kaguya has to say when you’ve told her everything. The silence is crushing at this point. It seems that none of you have any idea of what to say at the moment, and so nothing is said at all. Eventually, Kaguya breaks the silence. “I-I have to be getting home. I’ll see you two some other time. You’d better take good care of him Mokou. I’ll never loose to you.”

“Of course I will. Don’t think for one second I’m gonna go easy on you, just because of this.”

Kaguya walks away silently after that, not even rising to Mokou’s little verbal jab.

“So.. Rough night?” Mokou asks.

You just sigh. What a day this has been. Outside, it finally starts to rain. Well, it was gonna do it sometime today, why not now.