Your name is Yuuka Kazami, a female Youkai who spends most of your day tending to the flowers in the Garden of the Sun which is next to your house. You are both a troublesome and a playful youkai and cares a lot about nature. You're sharp-witted and you enjoy annoying people. You does not like humans, but you tend to visit the Human Village a lot and are fairly polite towards humans. You wear a plaid skirt and a white button-up shirt. Your green hair is wavy and cut to shoulder-length.

You also love to sell flowers in the Human Village during your spare time. You are also a woman of few words as you are anti-social and an apathetic individual. When you are in front of individuals you like or friends, you end up coming off as a nervous wreck, so you choose your words carefully and speak in simple phrases. Due to your lonely nature, you choose to live by yourself.

You are also a very powerful Youkai with immense physical strength. People often mistaken your strength as you look fairly skinny.

You are tending to some flowers near the treeline of the field when a man walks down the dirt path you are on. He approaches you, and you look up at him as you are squatting. He is a tall man with long blond hair, and he wears a brown jacket over a white shirt, and some brown pants. He carries a knapsack on his back.

"Hello," he says.

"Hello," you reply, wondering what he wants.

"I'm an explorer for the Human Village. I'm searching for places, people, and things. I heard there was a powerful youkai living in this area. Have you heard of anything like that?"

You frown. "Why do you want to know?"

He gets nervous. "I'm searching for treasures. Youkai tend to have powerful treasures that can do amazing things. I've heard youkai tend to like such treasures, so I figure one would have some lying around."

"I see, well I don't have any" you say.

"Oh," he says, sounding disappointed. "Are you sure? I heard youkai tend to hoard things."

"I don't have anything like that," you say. "Sorry I can't be of any help."

He sighs. "Well thanks anyway,"

He whistles as he stares at your ass.

"Hey," you say. "Don't do that."

"Do what?" he says, feigning innocence.

You frown. "You know what you're doing."

He chuckles. "I was just looking."

"Get out of here,"

You get up from your squatting position and face towards the man. He is almost a head taller than you, which isn't very surprising. He stares at you with some interest.

"What's your name?" he asks.

"Why do you want to know?" you ask.

He smiles. "So I can call out your name during..."

He looks at your breasts. "...fun time."

You frown and grab his ear. "You listen here, you scum. You better not even think about laying a finger on me. I'll tear your damn arms off and beat you to death with them."

The man winces in pain. "Ow! That hurts!"

"Good," you say, letting go of his ear. "Now leave me alone."

You turn around and walk towards your house. The man shrugs and leaves. As you are about to open the door, you hear a voice.

"Hey sexy," the man says.

You turn around and see the man is behind you. "What do you want?"

He smiles. "I want to do dirty things to you."

You frown. "No you don't. You want to violate me. You want to hurt me and have your way with me. I know what you're all about, mister. So you can save your breath."

"But..." he whimpers.

"But nothing," you say. "Now fuck off."

You open the door and go inside. The man leaves, but you know he'll be back. Everyone is like that. They all want a piece of you.

You go to your bedroom and feel a headache coming on. You go to your bed and lie down, hoping for the pain to go away. It doesn't, so you go to the medicine cabinet and take some painkillers. The headache goes away, but you feel nauseous. You go back to your bed and lie down again, deciding to get some rest.

You wake up at night and feel cold. You go to the kitchen and make yourself some hot chocolate. You drink it while sitting in your chair. You then go back to your room and lie down. You wake up the next morning.

After getting ready, you decide to go out and visit the Human Village. You head to the door, but stop. You can hear someone talking outside your house.

"I can't wait any longer. I need to have her now."

You sigh and head outside. You see the same man from yesterday leaning against a tree. He looks at you and smiles. "Ah, there you are. I've been waiting for you."

"Can you leave me alone?" you say. "I've told you I'm not interested, and I've never been interested."

"I think you're lying," he says. "I think you like me, but you're afraid."

"I'm afraid of a lot of things, but not you."

"Then prove it. Go on a date with me."

You roll your eyes. "Go away or I'll hurt you."

He frowns. "You're so mean. I just want to show you a good time, and you're being mean to me."

"Leave me alone," you say. "If you come near me one more time, I will hurt you."

He frowns and walks away.

You sigh in relief and walk back inside your house to get ready for your day.

You step inside your house and close the door behind you. You go to the kitchen and make yourself some dinner. You eat while reading a book. Once you're finished eating, you put your plate in the sink and go to your bedroom. You grab a change of clothes and enter the bathroom. You walk up to the mirror and look at your reflection.

You see your red eyes and your beautiful green hair. Your hair is wavy and cut to your shoulders. You're somewhat tall and you have a thin build.

You put on your clothes and head back to the bedroom.

You grab your gloves and head outside to tend to your flowers in the Garden of the Sun. You walk outside and the sun beams onto your face. You squint while you head out to the garden. You enter the garden and water your sunflowers while humming a tune.

The flowers were given life by you. You love caring for them as it strengthens your spiritual bond with nature itself.

You water all the flowers and you notice a flower with a dying leaf to it. You squat down with some scissors and carefully trim it.

You hum to yourself as you carefully examine the rest of the flower. Then, you hear the sound of leaves rustling. You turn around to see the man who harasses you.

"Hello, beautiful," he says. "I've come to see you today."

You frown and say, "Go away."

He smiles and takes a step towards you.

You keep humming to yourself as you try to ignore him. You pick up the dead leaf and gently place it in your apron.

You look at him once more as he takes another step towards you. He grabs your shoulders and he smiles at you.

"You're so cute when you're ignoring me," he says.

You glare at him in response.

"Go away, or I'll hurt you," you say.

He laughs and says, "You wouldn't hurt a fly. Now what would be the fun in that?"

He takes off your gloves and grabs your hand. He forces your hand on his crotch and grins.

You grab his balls through his pants and begin to squeeze. He winces in pain and falls to his knees.

"You bitch!" he screams as he falls to his knees.

He continues to groan in pain as you stare at him. You let go and go back to trimming your flowers while humming. He slowly gets up and pulls his pants up.

"You'll pay for this," he says as he leaves.

You continue to ignore him as he leaves. You hum a tune and water your flowers.

After watering all of your flowers, the sun is starting to set and you stare up at the horizon from your garden. It's really beautiful. The sea of sunflowers mixing with the color of dusk. You let out a pleasant smile as you wipe the sweat off of your forehead, taking in the beautiful sight that lay ahead.

You begin to walk back to your house, and you notice a group of men standing around in the distance. They seem to be looking at something. You squint, trying to see what they're looking at, but you can't quite make it out.

You shrug it off and walk inside. You need to make dinner, and then you can go to sleep. You still have a lot of flowers to tend to tomorrow.

You decide to make some bean soup for dinner and eat it while it's hot.

You stand up and walk over to the fridge, retrieving a can of fancy beer. It's all for a good day's work. You crack it open and guzzle down about a third of it. You take the can with you as you head to the cupboard, grabbing a small bowl. You fill it with some soup and begin to chow down.

You finish up your soup and put your bowl in the sink.

You walk upstairs to your room, taking your beer with you. You grab a change of clothes and walk over to your bathroom to prepare for a nice and relaxing bath after a hard day of tending to your flowers.

You put your beer down on your bathroom counter and run the water. You add a bit of lavender oil to the water, creating a nice aroma for your bath. You undress and hop into the tub.

You lie there, enjoying the warm water, the lavender aroma, and your beef of course.

"Ahhh..." you say.

You lean your head back in the water and close your eyes. It's a beautiful day today. You just wish you could live in peace.

Grabbing your bar of soap, you begin to lather yourself with it. Your breasts, your thighs, armpits, back, and butt. Everything needs to be clean. You also wash your hair and your pubic hair. All of the nooks and crannies.

You rinse off the soap and relax in the tub, letting the dirt and grime slide off of you. You stay in the bath for a while, just thinking and enjoying the quiet. You could get used to this...

You stand up and grab your towel, drying off your body and wrapping the towel around yourself. You pick up your clothes and slip them on.

You drink the rest of your beer and toss it into the trash, then you jump into your bed. You read a bit of a book before you fall asleep.



In your sleep, you dream about the same man coming to your fields.

"Hello, beautiful," the man says.

He puts his hand on your shoulder and you shrug it off. He persists, putting both hands on your shoulders and turning you around to face him.

He pulls out a gun and says, "How about we have some fun?" with a wink. 

You look at him in shock as you back up, but you back up into your sunflowers.

"No no no!" you say.

"You're not going anywhere," he says, winking again.

The man begins to touch himself as he walks over to you. You try to crawl out of the flowers, but you are trapped in the center as he approaches you.

He grabs your hips and you let out a yelp.

"Ah! Wait!" you say.

He ignores you and begins to unbutton his pants. He pulls them down to his knees, revealing a long, erect, disgusting dick. It's about the same length as your forearm and it's girth could suffocate a horse.

He slaps it against your butt which is shielded by your skirt. He raises it up and slaps it down again, harder this time.

"Ah! Stop!" you say.

He ignores you again and throws your skirt over your head. You're now butt naked from the waist down and he begins to rub his dick on your ass.

He throws you on your back so now you are laying in the missionary position with his cock prodding against your butthole.

"P-Please stop!" You say in your tears, waiting for the imminent pain.

He ignores you again as he pushes his cock inside your butthole. You grit your teeth as you feel the sharp pain of a human entering you for the first time. He's past the tight ring of muscle and slowly moving in an out.

You let out a scream loud enough to pierce the heavens, and as soon as it started, you wake up from your terrible dream.

You sit up in your bed and look around. It was just a dream, but it felt so real. You lay back down and try to get the image of the man out of your head.

You turn over and notice that it's nearly noon.

You sit at the edge of your bed, still gasping for air and you notice your clothes are drenched in sweat. It takes you a couple minutes to calm yourself down, but once you do, you head to the bathroom.

You look at yourself in the mirror and notice how red your eyes are. You turn on the faucet and splash your face with water before taking a deep breath.

You realize today's the day to sell flowers at the Human Village. You've been putting it off for a while now, but you need money if you want to move out of this area.

You exit your house and walk towards the fields with a basket in hand, ready to collect some flowers to sell. The sun is shining and there's not a cloud in the sky. It'll be a beautiful day today.

You see some fully grown flowers. You kneel down to it and with scissors in hand, you trim off the flower heads to put in your basket. You do this for about an hour before you realize there aren't any more flowers to pick.

"I guess I gathered them all."

You head back home with your fully loaded basket.

You see the man in the distance, walking towards you. You instantly groan. The man has been harassing you every chance he can get.

"Hey, Yuuka!" he calls out to you.

You keep your head down and try to avoid him, but he continues to approach you.

"I've been waiting for you, Yuuka!" he says, now leering at you.

You look at him and let out a sigh.

"Why are you following me?" you say.

"Because I love you? You know that," he says.

"I don't want to see you today. I'm going to the Human Village to sell some flowers, now leave me alone."

"Oh, I'll be coming with you. I want to see you in action."

You don't say anything and continue to the village. You hate it when he does this, but you can't seem to get him to stop. You reach the village and enter the gates. Villagers look at you in disgust as you walk by.

You shudder, feeling the hostility of the villagers. But, you now arrive at your stand and that man has been following you closely the entire way from your field.

"Alright, you can go away now," you say.

"You're selling flowers here?" he asks.

"Yeah, now leave."

He shakes his head and holds your hand.

You pull your hand away.

"Don't touch me," you say.

He grabs your hand again and pulls you towards him.

"Don't!" you say, trying to get out of his grasp.

He puts his arms around you and holds you in an embrace.

"Ah!" you say, trying to escape.

He puts his hands on your back and pushes you against him. You feel his erection poking into your abdomen.

"Let me go!" you say.

"Come on, Yuuka. Don't be like that. You know you like it,"

Some villagers are staring at you two now.

"Stop it! Stop it, you fucking pervert!" you say.

The man smiles and slaps you across the face.

"Now, now. Don't be like that," he says.

You start to tear up and the man takes advantage of your weakness.

An elderly man walks over, curious as to what the commotion is.

"What's going on here?" he asks.

The man smiles and pushes you to the floor, pointing at you and then to himself.

"Just selling flowers," he says.

"What's going on?" the elderly man asks again.

"P-Please help me.. he tried to ra-" You say but you are interrupted.

"I was just helping this young woman sell her flowers," he says in a serious tone.

"Please, sir, I don't feel safe with him," you say.

The elderly man looks at the man, who nods.

"I understand. Please, come with me to my home. I'll give you a place to stay for the night," the elderly man says.

You nod and stand up. The man grabs your wrist tightly, hurting you.

"Hey!" the elderly man says.

The man lets go of your wrist and you walk away with the elderly man. He leads you to his house and lets you inside.

It's a nice and simple house. It smells of incense and is decorated with japanese-style art.

"Please, make yourself at home. My name is Keiki." he says.

"Thank you for helping me," you say.

Keiki smiles and nods. He hands you a cup of tea.

"Here, this'll make you feel better," he says.

You take a sip of the tea. It's bitter, but you gulp it down regardless.

"Thank you," you say.

He smiles and nods.

You notice that he is looking at you in an odd way. You feel uncomfortable as he stares at your legs, then your thighs, then your crotch. You blush and look away.

"You're a very beautiful woman, you know," he says.

You look away and blush.

"Th-thank you," you say.

"I've wanted to tell you that for a long time. I've seen you in the village and I always thought you were... beautiful," he says.

"Oh..." you say.

"I thought your profession of selling flowers was wonderful."

"Thank you."

"I wish I could be so creative."

You smile and giggle.

You feel Keiki's hand on your leg. You look at him and he smiles. You politely brush his hand away. He looks at you and nods, taking his hand away.

"I understand. You're... a very busy woman. I don't want to bother you," he says.

You nod.

"I.. I have to go back to my flower stand. Thanks for saving me from that man."

"Hm. It was nothing. I'll see you later, Yuuka," Keiki says.

You nod and leave his house. You walk back to your flower stand and sell a few flowers.

"200 yen for those lilies, young boy," you say.

The young boy nods and hands you the money. You wrap the lilies up and hand them to him. You sit down behind your stand and think about Keiki's words.

You enjoy your job as a woman who takes care of flowers. You only have a stand just so you can get at least some social interaction, because you are quite antisocial. You rarely leave your house and when you do, it's to buy groceries or to tend to your flowers. Most people in the village know to leave you alone.

You live a simple life connected with the beauty of nature, but you enjoy it.

Another boy comes up to your stand.

"Hello," he says.

You look at him and raise an eyebrow.

"Hello," you say.

"I was wondering if you had any flowers that can help boost a girl's confidence?"

You think for a second.

You grab a rose and show it to the boy.

"You're quite young to be worried about girls."

"I have a girlfriend and I want to surprise her. She's really pretty, so I want to get her something nice."

"Ah, I see," you say.

You think for a second.

You grab another rose.

"Here. Give her this one."

The boy nods and hands you a 100 yen coin. You look at the rose and then back at him.

"Why don't you take two?" you say.

"Really?" the boy asks.

"Sure."

The boy smiles and hands you a 200 yen coin.

"Keep the change Yuuka," he says.

You smile and wave as he leaves. You stand up and walk towards your house, grabbing your gardening trowel on the way.

You look up at the horizon and see the sun setting. The sky is a fiery orange and red. It's quite a sight. You pack the flowers you didn't sell into your basket and begin the long journey of heading home.

You walk down the dirt pathway and into the entrance of the village. The villagers are busy chattering amongst each other. You don't make eye contact with anyone; you just keep your head down and continue walking.

A man sees you and yells out your name.

"Hey, Yuuka!" the man says.

You don't respond and keep walking.

"Hey! Where are you going?"

"Just heading home," you say.

The man is in his late 20's and is a villager you see every day. You can't really describe him, but you don't find him attractive in any way.

"Why aren't you talking to me today? Are you in a bad mood?" the man asks.

"I'm just heading home. Please leave me alone. I don't feel like dealing with you today," you say.

"Aw, come on. It's been a long day. I just want to talk with someone."

You roll your eyes and sigh.

"Fine. Just keep up with my pace."

"Alright!" the man says.

He begins to walk next to you. You speed up your walking pace and he continues to match it.

"So, how have you been?"

"Just fine."

"You don't seem fine. You seem pretty angry."

"I'm not angry. I just want to go home."

"You know, maybe I could help you with whatever is troubling you. I'm a really good listener. People tell me their problems all the time."

"I said I'm fine."

You pick up your pace and walk even faster. The man is struggling to keep up with you.

"Alright, alright! I'll drop the subject for now. But, I'm telling you. We all care about you and want to see you happy."

You are taken by surprise from the sudden kindness.

"T-thank you," you say.

"I'm serious. I don't like seeing you upset. Everyone in the village likes you."

You arrive at your house and open the door. You step inside and the man continues to talk.

You timidly gesture him inside, and he is surprised by the pristine condition of your house.

"Wow! Your house is really nice. Did you decorate it yourself?"

"Yeah...I like to keep my home clean. Also, what's your name?"



"Me? Oh, I'm Hideo."

You nod and sit down on your sofa. You pat the seat next to you, inviting him to sit down. He smiles and complies.

"So, what's your story? You seem a little young to be living here all by yourself."

"I'm just a gardener that likes to live by herself."

"I see. So, what's with the gloomy face? You seem to be in a bad mood."

"I'm not in a bad mood. I was just selling flowers at the village and got into an argument with a man that kept harassing me. I hate it when people do that."

"I'm not like that. I'm just genuinely curious about you. You're a very pretty girl that deserves to not be sad."

"I'm not sad!" you yell.

Hideo looks taken back by your outburst.

"Sorry," you say.

"It's alright."

You stand to go get a beer from your fridge.

"Do you want some beer?"

"Sure," he says.

You grab two beers from your fridge and sit back down next to Hideo on your sofa. You open both beers and hand him one.

"Cheers," Hideo says.

You clank cans with him before drinking deeply from the can.

He stares at your shoulder length wavy and green hair as you drink from your beer. You are quite pretty. You have a slender figure and green eyes. Your cheeks are rosy and your lips are plump and pink. Your breasts are quite large for your small frame.

He opens his mouth and says, "Hey, I have to go now. But, can I see you again?"

You nod.

"Yeah, I guess so."

He smiles and nods. He finishes his beer before standing up from the sofa.

"Thanks for the beer," he says.

"Yeah, no problem."

Hideo turns away from you to open your front door.

"I'll see you later, Yuuka," he says.

"Yeah...see you later."

You wave at him as he walks out the door and closes it behind him. You sigh and walk to your bedroom. You get into your pajamas and climb under your blankets.

Your eyes slowly close as you begin to drift into a deep sleep where you are welcomed into the dream world of your mind.

You find yourself in a vast, empty space. The blackness seems to go on forever until a portal opens up in the distance. You watch as a man comes out of the portal. You suck in a sharp breath as you see that it is Hideo. He seems different, however. He has a crazed look in his eyes and his movements are twitchy. He looks around himself and begins to scream.

"NO! NO! NO! THIS ISN'T SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN!" he screams.

He looks at you and begins to run towards you.

"I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!"

You scream as he reaches out towards you. His hand goes through your body and you fall through the floor. You begin to tumble as you scream. You begin to shut your eyes as the darkness consumes you.

You awaken in your bed and sit up quickly. You are covered in sweat and breathing heavily. You run a hand through your hair and take a deep breath. It was all just a dream. Just a dark and twisted dream.

You stand up from your bed and walk to your front door. You open it to reveal that the sun just started rising. It's too early to be getting up, but you're wide awake now. You decide to head into the garden to see how your flowers are doing.

You walk through the Garden of the Sun. The yellow petals of the sunflowers are all turning in unison towards the sun that has just come up. It's a breathtaking sight and you stop for a moment to take it all in. You then walk towards your favorite place in the garden: The bench by the lily pond.

You sit on it, taking in the view of the sunrise. You then hear a voice behind you.

"Ah, there you are. I was looking for you, Yuuka."

You turn around to see Hideo standing behind you. He's wearing a black suit with a red tie. His eyes look both crazed and intense. You stand up.

"Hideo, what are you doing here? I thought you lived in the Human Village."

Hideo chuckles and then walks towards you.

You give him a confused stare.

"Hideo?"

He continues to laugh as he walks towards you.

"Hideo! Stop!" you shout.

He doesn't listen to you and instead grabs your hand with his. He holds it tightly and looks into your eyes.

"I love you, Yuuka."

He says it with a straight face, not laughing or smiling. He seems dead serious. You're taken aback by this.

"Hideo... you know that I'm a youkai and you're a human. We can't be together."

He shakes his head.

"I don't care. I love you."

You've never seen Hideo like this. He's always calm and reserved, but now he seems... desperate.

"Hideo... you need to calm down. You're scaring me."

He doesn't listen to you. He takes your other hand into his.

"I love you, Yuuka. Will you go out with me? I'll treat you right. I'll give you everything you want and more."

You shake your head.

"Hideo, you know that we can't be together. You're a human and I'm a youkai. It wouldn't work out."

"I don't care! I love you!"

He sounds like a broken record. You try to pull your hands away, but he keeps a tight grip on them.

"Hideo, please let go of me. I'm serious. Let go of me!"

He finally lets go of your hands. You take a step backwards to create some distance between you and him. He stares at you with a blank expression. After a few seconds of silence, he finally speaks.

"I guess I'll leave now."

"Wait! I'll go with you.."

You say that a bit too quickly. He raises an eyebrow.

"Are you sure?"

"Yeah... I'll go with you."

He gives you a small smile.

"I'm glad."

He lends his hand and you grab it.

"So, where are we going?"

"The bar in the Human Village."

You want to refuse his questionable decision of taking you to a bar for a date, but you don't want to say anything. You just nod your head in agreement.

"Alright, let's go."

You grab his hand and he leads you out of the flower field. You really hope that you'll be able to survive this date.

You and Hideo arrive at the bar.

"It's a nice night, isn't it?"

Hideo makes small talk with you as he leads you to the bar.

"Yeah, it is."

You respond in a bored tone of voice. You really aren't in the mood for small talk and you'd rather be at home.

"So, how have you been?"

Hideo asks you another question. You don't know how to respond.

"I've been doing alright."

You lie as you usually do. In reality, you've been having a really rough time. Your flowers haven't been doing too well and you've been getting a lot of complaints. You don't want to tell Hideo any of this though. You just want to get through this date.

"That's great."

He leads you into the entrance of the bar. It's pretty quiet since it's almost the dead of night at this point. The bartender smiles at you two. He's a human.

"Hello, Hideo. Who's this?"

"This is a friend of mine. Can we get a couple drinks?"

He nods.

"Sure thing. What can I get you two?"

"Surprise me."

You tell the bartender as you sit down at an open table. Hideo sits down across from you. The bartender nods and walks off to get your drinks. You stare at the table in front of you.

"So, what do you want to talk about?"

Hideo asks as he stares at you. You shrug your shoulders.

"You told me that you wanted to make me happy."

You say as you look away from him.

"Yeah, I do."

He responds with confidence.

You take a deep breath before continuing.

"I'm not... a very social person."

You say as you look up at him. He nods his head in response.

"Yeah, I know."

He responds with a chuckle.

"I don't really want to talk about myself, so can we just drink in silence?"

Just as you say this, the bartender comes with a couple glasses of beer. He places them on the table and then quickly leaves. You stare at the golden-colored liquid and then at Hideo.

"Cheers!"

He says as he raises his glass. You clink your glass against his before taking a drink.

You take a sip and set it down. You feel your bladder wanting to release.

"Excuse me, I have to use the restroom."

You say as you stand up from the table. Hideo nods as you quickly leave.

You find the restroom and walk inside. You lock the door to one of the stalls and pull down your skirt and underwear. You hover over the toilet and release a torrent of piss into the bowl. You sigh in relief as your golden-yellow stream slows to a stop. You finish up by wiping yourself, pulling up your underwear and pants, and flushing.

You walk out of the stall and head back into the bar and find the table Hideo is sitting at. He smiles as you approach.

"I was starting to wonder about you."

He says with a laugh. You sit down across from him and take a drink of your beer.

"Did you finish?"

He asks as he points to your beer.

"Ah.. No." You say as you take a sip of your beer. It tastes strange now, but you don't particularly mind.

"I'll get us some more drinks."

He says as he quickly heads to the bar. You watch him go and then gaze around the room. A few people are watching you, but most are minding their own business.

You now start to feel a little bit light headed and sleepy. You take a deep breath and try to stay awake, but the heaviness of your eyelids is too great. You see Hideo rush over to you.

"Hey, are you alright?"

He asks as he touches your shoulder.

"I.. I think I need to go home." You say as you grab his arm for support but you end up stumbling over. He catches you before you fall to the floor.

"I think I drank too much..."

You start to wonder if Hideo put something in it. One drink shouldn't have gotten you in a state like this.

"Come on, I'll take you home."

He says as he helps you out of the bar. You wonder if this is some kind of kidnapping. Your head is spinning and your eyes are blurry. You can't make anything out other than a blur.

"P-Please don't hurt me.."

You whimper as you cling to Hideo. He picks you up bridal style and takes off running. You can hear the wind blowing through your hair and nothing else.

"Just hold on tight."

He says as he takes a few more steps. You feel your body drop and your stomach lurchs as you fall. You hit the ground and let out a yell. Your body hits the ground hard, but you don't receive any injuries.

"Ah shit, I'm sorry."

You lay there, too weak to move from the effects of something slipped into your drink. You feel Hideo's hands on your shoulders as he tries to pick you up.

"Come on, we have to get out of here."

He says as he lifts you up. You manage to open your eyes and see that you're in a field of sunflowers. A few of them are bent over and crushed, no doubt from your fall.

"I'm sorry, but I have to get you out of here."

He says as he takes off running. You're too tired and groggy to do anything about it. You just hold on to him and let him carry you wherever he's going. You look up at the stars and see that it's a beautiful night out. The moon is full and you can see every star in the sky.

"I love nights like these."

He says as he runs through the field.

"I wish I could just lay out and gaze at the stars all night, but I have to take you home."

"..."

You don't respond and just hold on to him. Hideo takes you back to your house and runs inside with you in his arms. He rushes through the house and lays you down on your bed. He takes off your shoes and covers you with a blanket. He takes off his shoes and lays on top of the blanket next to you. You are barely awake.

"I'm sorry you had to go through that. I'm not a bad guy, I swear."

He whispers as he strokes your hair. You want to yell at him and tell him to get the hell out of your house, but you are too tired and fall asleep.

You wake up the next morning and find that Hideo is still laying on top of the blanket next to you. You can feel his body warmth and smell his scent. He's facing away from you and seems to be asleep.

You sit on the edge of your bed and rub your eyes, making small moans as you feel a raging headache start to come on. Your stomach hurts as well and you feel a little queasy.

"Ugh..."

You groan as you stand up and walk to the bathroom. You look at yourself in the mirror and find that you don't look too bad for being in this situation. You take off your clothes and hop into the shower. The hot water soothes your aching muscles and you feel a lot better as you let the water run down your body.

You step out of the shower and dry off. You put on clean clothes and go back to the bedroom.

You walk over to Hideo and see that he's still sleeping on your bed. You shake him lightly.

"Hey, wake up."

"Mmmm.. Yuuka, you smell so good..." He says in his sleep.

"Wake. Up." You say as you shake him harder.

"I'm up, I'm up..."

Hideo wakes up and yawns as he sits up. He looks at you and smiles.

"Hey there."

"You can't sleep here. Also, did you drug me last night?"

You ask him with a deadpan expression.

"I did no such thing! I brought you home and left you here to rest. Why would I drug you?"

"I feel like shit and all I remember last night was you carrying me home."

"You were so tired you couldn't even walk home, so I had to carry you. You're welcome by the way."

Hideo says with a cheeky grin. You sigh and shake your head at him.

"What time is it?"

"It's about noon."

"All I can say is... I'm glad you didn't do anything to me in the state I was in."

You say with a weak smile.

"I would never do that. I'm not like that."

Hideo says with a hurt expression. You rub his shoulder to reassure him.

"I know you wouldn't."

You say with a smile.

"So, what are you going to do now?"

"I'm going to go back to sleep for a bit and then I'll be working in the fields."

"Ah, that's right. You're a hard worker."

Hideo says with a smile.

"I'm going to go back to sleep. I'll see you around."

You say as you get into bed. You fall asleep almost instantly and sleep for a few hours.

Once you wake up, you get dressed and leave your house. It's early evening and the sun is beginning to set.

You grab your gloves and your gardening equipment and head out into your field. You begin tending to your sunflowers and weeding out the rest of the flowers.

You hear footsteps behind you, but you ignore them. You continue working for a few minutes until you hear a voice.

"Hey."

You turn around and see Hideo standing there as you are squatting near some flowers. He's dressed in a casual shirt and some slacks. He looks at you expectantly.

You look up at him and say, "Hello."

"I wanted to see you again."

He says with a smile. You continue to look at him and then look back down at the flowers.

"I'm working right now."

You say in a monotone voice.

"I can see that, but I just wanted to see you. I haven't seen you in a while, so I wanted to come and visit you."

He says with a big grin.

"I see.."

You say with a frown.

"Well, I'm working right now and I'd like to get this done."

You say as you go back to work. Hideo watches you work for a few minutes and he begins speaking again.

"So, are you busy tonight?"

"No, why?"

You ask as you pull out a weed.

"Do you want to go to the tavern with me and have a drink?"

"No, someone drugged me last time."

You reply as you pour some water on the ground around the flowers.

"I'll keep you safe."

Hideo says with a smile.

"I don't like drinking."

You say in an apathetic voice.

"We don't have to drink, we can just talk..."

He says as he puts his hand on your shoulder.

"Wow.. your shoulders are stiff!" He says as he puts his other hands on your shoulders as well and starts to massage them.

Hideo is touching you in a non-sexual way that you don't want. You feel his hands on your shoulders as he starts to rub them.

"I don't like being touched, please stop."

You say in a demanding tone. Hideo sighs and stops rubbing your shoulders.

"I'm sorry, I just thought we could be closer after all of the times I've talked with you."

"We are not close just because you talk to me."

You say in an annoyed tone.

"I guess not.."

Hideo says as he starts to walk away.

"I'll see you later, then."

He says as he waves goodbye to you. You wave back and go back to work. You don't know why he wanted to visit you, but you're glad he's gone. You start to hum a tune as you work.

You think you're finished now so you head back to your house.

You step inside and shut the door behind you with a sigh. Then you start to feel a tickle from your womb.

"Ah.. I'm not horny am I?"

You say as you walk to your bedroom. You lay down on the bed and think back to the flowers you planted earlier.

"I should water them soon..."

You think as you drift off to sleep.

Hours pass and the sun goes down. You wake up to find that it's night, and get out of bed. You look outside your window and see three men standing in the middle of the dirt road outside of your house. The men are all looking around and talking with each other. One of them turns and looks at your house.

You quickly duck down and hide under your bed. You hear a loud knock on your front door.

"Hey! Is there anyone home!?"

You hear a man say from outside.

You grab your handgun and tip toe to your front door.

"If this is about the flowers, I already gave you your payment..."

You whisper to yourself.

"I don't care about the fucking flowers, open the door!"

You hear the same man shout.

You open it slightly while concealing the handgun behind your back. You see a man with brown hair and a thick beard. He is wearing a cowboy hat and a denim jacket. Next to him is a man with blonde hair wearing a hoodie, and the final one is a man with black hair wearing a green jacket.

"H-Hello.."

You say nervously. The man in the denim jacket looks at you and narrows his eyes.

"Are you Yuuka?"

The man asks.

"Y-Yes.."

You reply. The three men look at each other and nod.

"You're coming with us."

The man says.

"W-why?"

You ask nervously.

"We're going to have some... fun."

The man licks his lips as he says this. You look at the man with wide eyes.

"I'm not going anywhere with you!"

You shout as you slam the door shut.

You lock the door as well and you sit nearby with your handgun ready.

You hear a loud knocking sound.

"We're not going anywhere, bitch."

You hear the man say. You stay silent and try to think of a plan.

The man starts cursing at you and says some rather nasty things.

"I'm going to fucking kill you!"

You hear the man shout as he shoots at your door. You scream and try to get away from the door, but the man manages to bust down the door with one kick. The man points his gun at you from outside your window.

You lunge over and point your gun at him through the window.

"Drop your gun!"

You both shout at each other.

"Shit!"

You hear the man with the hoodie shout as he runs out of view. The man in the denim jacket runs into another room, and you hear a loud crashing sound.

You point your handgun in the direction of the noise. You see the man with the hoodie aiming his gun at you.

The man shouts something incomprehensible and you feel a sharp pain in your right arm. You scream and shoot at the man, but miss as he runs off.

"Ah!" You yell out as you feel a warm trickle hit your skirt and run down your thigh. You look at the wound and see a hole going through your right arm. Blood is pouring out of the hole and you feel incredibly light-headed.

You look over at your window and see the man with the denim jacket standing there with a smirk on his face.

You begin to walk unsteadily to your room. You then hear a shattering sound behind you. You turn around and see the man with the hoodie standing in the doorway with a gun in his hand.

"Hello." The man says.

He raises his gun and shoots you in the back. You collapse.

"Let's go." The man says to the man with the denim jacket.

You hit the ground and see the two men leave. You feel incredibly light-headed and you're having trouble focusing. You begin to feel scared as you start to feel yourself losing consciousness.

You hear someone running against the side of your house and into your back door. You hear a man scream.

"What the fuck!?" He shouts.

You hear footsteps running into your room.

"Y-Yuuka?! Fuck!" He yells again. It sounds like Hideo.

He kneels down next to you and wraps a cloth around your wound.

You then pass out.

A few hours later...

You wake up on your bed. Your wounds have been bandaged and you're wearing a blue nightgown.

You look around the room and see Hideo looking out the window. He turns around when he hears you sit up.

You feel a sharp pain from the gun shot wound in your chest. You look down and see that your nightgown is stained with blood.

"Are you alright?" Hideo asks.

You nod your head and wince in pain.

"W-Where am I?" You ask.

"My house." Hideo says.

You notice he's wearing a blue dress shirt and black slacks. He looks like he's ready for a fancy event.

"What happened?" You ask.

"Those two fuckers shot you and left you for dead."

"Oh.. that's right. I think they were hunting youkai like me?"

"Yeah. There's a village up the mountain with a bunch of inbreeds that hate youkai."

"I see...."

"I'm surprised you didn't know that, being a youkai and all."

"I don't really leave my house much.

You try to stand up from the bed but feel an immense amount of pain.

"Whoa whoa! You need to rest!" Hideo says.

"I can't. I need to go." You say.

"Go where? You're in no condition to go anywhere."

You pout and lay back on the bed.

"I can give you something to ease the pain." Hideo says while he pulls out a large suppository.

"What is it?" You ask.

"It'll help with the pain." Hideo says.

"Wait.. does that go up my-"

Before you can finish your sentence, Hideo says "Sure does!"

You blush and say, "Fine, but be gentle," as you spin around and lay on your stomach with your butt facing him.

"Yuuka.. Your butt is so.. plump and inviting." Hideo says while he lubricates his finger.

You blush more as Hideo's finger enters your butthole. You let out a yelp from the strange feeling, to which Hideo responds "Shhh, just relax."

"J-Just put the suppository in!" You say embarrassed.

Hideo laughs and says "Fine," as he slides the suppository into your rectum slowly.

You let out a stifled moan as you cover your mouth.

"There, all done." Hideo says.

You look back and see him smiling at you while he cleans his hands.

"Let's just wait a few minutes for it to dissolve."

You lie in bed for a few minutes in awkward silence.

"So.... Do you want to tell me what happened?" Hideo asks.

"What do you mean?" You ask.

"I mean, why were those two men trying to kill you?"

You are silent.

"I don't know.." You say.

"Do you have any idea?"

"They thought I was a youkai, so they were hunting me." You say.

"That's all?"

"Yeah... I don't know their reasons beyond that. They were hunting other youkai as well."

"What makes them think you're a youkai?"

You are silent.

"Were you with another youkai?"

"Tell me!" Hideo yells.

You jump from his yell.

You start to giggle and cover your mouth while you blush.

"Hideo.. You know that I am a youkai, right?"

"Of course I do."

"Well, a human and a youkai can't reproduce.." You say.

Hideo's eyes widen as he realizes what you're saying.

"W-Wait.. you're saying I can't have babies with-" He starts saying but you interrupt him.

"W-What?! How did you get to that conclusion? I was just saying they were probably jealous of me being a youkai." You say.

"Oh..." Hideo says in an odd tone.

You blush and look away from him.

You feel a tickle from your womb once more. It is yearning to be filled with a white and sticky substance. You rub your stomach.

"Is something wrong?" Hideo asks.

"It's nothing." You say.

"Are you sure you don't want to go to the hospital?"

"I'm fine.." You say.

"Alright then."

Hideo stands up and heads to the door.

"I'll be back in a few hours. If you need anything, just call for me." He says.

You nod your head as he closes the door.

You lie in bed and stare at the ceiling.

"Where to go from here..." You think.

The door suddenly opens up as Hideo comes back inside.

"I forgot to give you this." He says and holds out a lunch.

You sit up and take it from him.

"Thanks."

He nods his head at you before closing the door once more.

You stare at the lunch and sigh.

You feel your groin beginning to moisten.

"Why does this keep happening?" You think.

You place the lunch on the floor and lie in bed.

"I have to do something about this... But what?" You think.

You grab your stomach and begin to massage it.

"Maybe I could... No, that's disgusting." You think.

The tickle in your stomach begins to turn into a burn.

"Ugh! I have to do something!" You say.

You jump out of bed and pull off your pajamas.

You start to play with your butt and your pussy.

"This feels good..." You think.

You begin to finger yourself as you moan softly.

"More..." You think.

You begin to thrust your fingers in and out of your pussy.

"Faster... Harder..." You think.

You begin to finger yourself faster and thrust your fingers in and out of your pussy harder.

"More... I need more..." You think.

You pick up the pace as you moan loudly.

"Oh... Oh yes! That's it! That's what I need!" You think.

You thrust your fingers faster and faster as you moan louder and louder.

"I'm about to cum! I'm about to cum!" You shout.

You lie in a puddle of your bodily fluids as you pant heavily.

"I needed that." You say.

You lie in bed and fall asleep.

Hours pass as you sleep.