Quiet and swift, you step across the soft grass, guided by the brilliance of a full moon. Every shop, stall, and public office has long since closed, but you are still far from home. Small, humble headstones pass by, but you pay them no mind, or at least, you try not to. Youkai visit the graveyard. One might already be here, hiding in the dark. Watching, listening.

One of them spends entirely too much time here, especially on nights like these. You’ve crossed paths before, but only ever briefly. As brief as you could possibly make it. Youkai tend to get weird around you, after a while, and you can’t let that happen with her. Just need to clear the graves and reach the walls.

Soft, wet grass yields to your sandals you ease them down, one step at a time. You catch a glimpse of flickering torchlight ahead. It’s the main gate, maybe a couple minutes away if you sprint. You feel like you’re home already-

“SURPRISE!”

The deafeningly cheery voice slams into you, just as her generous breasts crash against your stiffening back. Kogasa Tatara. Local blacksmith, part-time pseudo babysitter. Youkai. Your body locks up. You can’t move. Maybe this is just your second encounter. Breath shaking, you run though plans. She needs to leave. Soon.

Then she wraps her right hand around your breast, and the following squeeze shatters your thoughts. Her short hair brushes against your neck as she leans over your shoulder. A soft lilac scent wafts in, as time slows down. Fabric folds and pinches under her fingers, rubbing against your flesh. Then she giggles.

“Boo!”

You flinch, jerking forward. Another hand wraps around your waist, pressing you back against her stomach. Her hard, abdominal muscles and her large breasts force your own torso out, as she lays her head down on your neck.

“It’s dangerous to be alone out here, you know.”

You can’t help but squirm at that, hoping to pry off a hand, or somehow just slip through her grip. Your body twists and turns as much as her vice-grip allows. No luck. An out-of-shape human like you, versus a youkai, even one as otherwise harmless as her, isn’t a contest.

“Please, let me go.” It’s the strongest, most confidant tone you could muster, and it still sounds almost like you’re begging.

“Hmm…. Nope!” That bubbly, cheery voice should have been soothing. But it just drains what energy you had left; you can’t help but slump into her grasp. “Just kidding!”

And suddenly you spring free of her. For a moment, all you can do is just stand there. Stand and stare.

She’s still standing right in front of you, allowing you to make out a face that’s beaming with… pride? Experimentally, you place one foot behind the other, bracing for a full sprint. Only for her to continue.

“But! It’s really dangerous for you out here. So, you gotta stick close, okay?” She offers her hand. Your heart thumps. If you run, will she chase you? If you stay together, will you get another chance to separate? Another heartbeat.

Would it really be so terrible to let her do wh…?

A flash of short hair invades your mind. Short hair and slender, suffocating lips.

Yes, it would, and you’ve wasted too much time already. You wrap your hand around Kogasa’s wrist and march toward the walls. Don’t spook her, but don’t give her time to get ideas. You got her to let go once. You’ll just need to do so again.

“Whaa!” Her cute, girlish squeal loosens tense muscles and sets your nerves at ease. Only for another figure to appear on the road. The pale moonlight reveals a dark cloak over a pale dress. Wild, dark hair cascades over her face and down her back. As you approach, two points appear on her crown. Animal ears.

Kogasa waves. You look the other way. You already have one youkai to shake off tonight.

“Hey, you there!” The woman says, in a voice that’s almost elegant.

“Who, me?” Kogasa asks.

“No.” A pair of hands grip your shoulders, turning you just slightly. White mountains fill your vision, until the woman gets on one knee. Brilliant red eyes bore into you, their intensity less concerning than the tongue sliding between her lips.

A hand cups your chin, and the woman plants a quick kiss on your lips. Brief, but gentle. Pulling back, she speaks.

“My name is Kagerou. May I ask for yours?” Her face would be the picture of graceful confidence, were it not for the slight tremors to her smile.

Kogasa yanks you back, twisting you and pulling you into her arms. One hand on your back and the other gripping your head, her lips press against yours. Rigid nipples grind against your flesh as a pair of smooth thighs press down on one of your own. There’s a slight, smoky flavor to her, when she presses her tongue between your lips and against your teeth.

Then, awkwardly, she breaks the kiss.

“A-Anyway. I saw her first. You don’t get to do weird things with her!”

Shit.

“Oh?”

Your stomach drops at that sound. Only one other youkai ever sounded so ominous. And she was only half this woman’s height.

You need to get out of here now.

“Isn’t that right?” Kogasa’s staring at you.

Just gotta cooperate with one. Get away from one and lower the other’s guard. It’s a long shot, but you don’t have a prayer of escaping both at once. Unless you can get them to go after each other and run away in the confusion. But then you’re trapped in between them. Could you really slip out?

On the other hand, the gate is close enough that, with a loud enough scream, you might just get the guard’s attention. But what will your captors do before they arrive? …Assuming anyone even does hear you. 

“I, I… I don’t know.”

Kogasa frowns, somewhere between disappointed and genuinely confused.

“Well then, I just need to prove I’m better!” Kogasa puckers up, preparing for round two.

A slender, powerful arm wraps around your stomach, as a hand presses Kogasa’s face away.

“You had your chance!”

“So did you!” Kogasa throws Kagerou’s arm off her head, grabbing you by the back of the head and shoving you into her chest.

But Kagerou doesn’t relent, joining the arm around your stomach with one gripping your breast. Planting one foot to your side, she pulls hard, threatening to crush your lungs.

Straining to push shallow breaths out under Kagerou’s crushing grip, and between the folds of Kogasa’s shirt, you twist and strain. Desperation rising, you plant your hands on Kagerou’s arms, shoving with all your might. As Kagerou’s arms quake and Kogasa’s hand threatens to crush your skull, you kick and flail at anything you can.

Finally, one kick connects with Kogasa’s ankle, shocking her just enough to break her grip. Kogasa flails, but catches your obi, trying to pull you back. Kagerou just pulls back, shredding the obi in the contest.

Wasting no time, Kagerou pulls you away and releases your breast to fire a volley of light at Kogasa.

If only you could do things like that.

Then a barrage fires back toward you. Kagerou turns on her heel and kicks off the ground, sailing away from Kogasa, and taking you with her. Light flashes across the dirt and headstones beneath you, until a bullet slams into Kagerou, breaking her grip.

You hit the ground hard, but adrenaline stunts the pain. Suddenly free, you stumble back. Your kimono now hangs loose, exposing your camisole and panties, but you have far greater problems. You’re not even quite out of the graveyard yet. And for a few precious seconds, Kagerou and Kogasa are focused entirely on each other.

You leap behind the largest grave you can find, praying for protection from whoever rests beneath you. Taking a moment to catch your breath, you dare to glance behind you. The two are still engaged in danmaku, but they keep moving. From here to the gate is open dirt and grass. There’s nowhere else to hide.

A bark blasts through the night. Turning back, you find Kagerou charging at you.

You turn and run, sprinting down the road as fast as your legs can carry. Silhouettes appear on the walls. All cover and pretense blown, you suck in as much air as you can.

“Help! Guards!” You cry. Sweat builds and muscles strain, but one glance reveals that Kagerou’s easily catching up.

As you finally approach the gatehouse, the silhouettes resolve into two lightly armored young men with readied bows, aiming above you. One fires, the arrow exploding into balls of light. You duck under the dazzling display as you reach the gatehouse steps.

Crash! A purplish, fully fanned umbrella slams into the ground in front of you, giant tongue hanging out. The tongue shoots out toward you. You spin on your heel, but overbalance. Throwing your hands out, you catch yourself, scraping your palms on the hard-packed dirt. Pushing off, you build back up to a full sprint. Your lungs burn from abuse as your breath grows ragged. Sweat pours from your skin as bullets whiz by your head. Behind you, Kagerou’s lost plenty of ground, but she’s now bounding after you.

Smooth grass gives way to sticks, leaves, and roots, as you charge toward the woods. Soon you’re forced to slow down or crash into the branches. Alternating between hops and short sprints, you push forward. The thickening canopy blocks out most of the moon’s light, plunging everything into shadow. If you could just find somewhere to hide…

A short, girlish giggle shocks you still. Frantically scanning the shadows, you’re relieved to find it’s only Kogasa. Less than a meter away. You leap away, only to land against her umbrella. It’s thick, heavy tongue sliding between your legs. Her human form moans.

You kick off, running down the forest again. Branches snap and crunch behind you, as Kagerou crashes through them. Moonlight appears up ahead. Kogasa and her umbrella glide across the forest floor, flanking you. The guards are long gone.

Nowhere to run, no one to call. Your legs quake, your throat hurts, and Kagerou’s still gaining. Just as you break into the clearing, a mighty howl breaks out. Kagerou crashes against your back.

Dry leaves and small twigs crack and break beneath you. Kagerou’s ass settles down on the small of your back as her legs press against your sides. Lifting your head, you find Kogasa staring down angrily at you.

“How could you run away like that?”

Kagerou plants a clawed hand on your ass, giving it a painful squeeze.

“Guess I win.” Kagerou says.

“What? No fair!” Kogasa whines. “Besides, like I said, I saw her first.”

“Besides,” String and fabric slide against fabric. A vest hits the ground before you, followed by a pale blouse. “I’m prettier!”

Kagerou grumbles, but lifts herself off your back. She steps forward. Kogasa steps back, her chest now naked, save for the blue bra holding her shapely breasts.

You crawl out from under them. Kagerou growls. You turn away from them and haul yourself upright.

You plant one foot forward, only for Kagerou to grab your kimono, yanking you back. Then, planting one hand on your nape, she yanks it off, dragging your arms behind you.

Grabbing your wrists, she drags you back. Wrapping an arm around your belly, she squeezes you against her. Her own mountainous breasts press against your neck. She then releases your wrists, using your own back to keep them pinned. She then turns back to Kogasa, taking you with her.

“Screw it!” Kagerou fumes. “You want some of this? Help me keep her under control.”
Kogasa pouts. “Like, I, said! I saw h-” Kagerou tears your camisole down the middle and rips it off, snapping the straps.

Kogasa’s speechless. For a long moment she just stares. You always thought your body was average. You were never the skinniest, or the fairest, or even the bustiest. Kogasa’s enthralled eyes chill you, knowing what’s to come. But some small part of your ego still appreciates her attention.

Then, regaining her composure, she steps forward, licking her lips. Kagerou buries her face in your straight, shoulder-length hair. She takes in a long, deep whiff. Your eyes, however, are locked on Kogasa, who undoes her bra and, crossing her arms, pulls it right off. Letting her breasts settle back into position, she smirks at you, sticking out her tongue.

She steps forward, until her smooth, full breasts nearly fill your vision. Shifting just slightly, she grabs one, and presses a rock-hard nipple against your pursed lips. Judging by the taste, she never even broke a sweat.

That’s when Kagerou pulls you back, almost jealously, and releases your hands. But before you can move, she wraps her hands around your breasts, giving each a firm squeeze. Her claws dig into your flesh, shocking you with pain and drawing blood.

Kogasa just smiles and steps back. Kagerou rolls your breasts around in her hands, as Kogasa kicks off her geta. Then Kogasa shimmies her skirt off, revealing long, smooth legs and a pair of panties that, even in the moonlight, are visibly soaked through.

As if her excitement wasn’t obvious enough.

Kagerou pinches your nipples, still taking the occasional sniff. Kogasa hooks her fingers into the waistband. A palm leaves your tormented breasts to circle your navel. The panties slide down Kogasa’s leg, as Kagerou’s leg presses against your ass. For a moment, you’re drawn to the neatly trimmed hair just above Kogasa’s folds. Despite everything, a familiar heat builds inside you.

Then her hand moves further down, cupping your slick panties. Slick from sweat.

Hopefully.

Kogasa kneels down and lifts one of your feet. As Kagerou rubs circles over your crotch and massages your breast. Kogasa slides your geta off, one at a time. Then Kagerou’s hand slides back up to the waistband, to give it a quick tug. A gasp escapes your lips. The fabric tightens on your ass and slips between your outer folds, before she releases it. Kogasa slides off your socks next, as Kagerou slides her hand back down, pressing the fabric in, just slightly.

Kogasa gently licks the underside of your foot. It tickles. Kagerou presses one finger between your folds. Your breath hitches. Kogasa’s tongue slides along your sole, happily tasting your skin and sweat. It still tickles. Kagerou slides her finger up and down, eliciting small quakes and spasms in you. Kogasa wraps her lips around your toes, sliding her tongue between them. Even as Kagerou continues her assault, you can’t keep a giggle from escaping.

Kogasa releases your foot with a wet ‘pop’, staring up at you, confused.

Kagerou’s hand freezes. She releases your crotch, and spins you around. She grips your face and smashes her lips against yours. Her tongue forces its way through stunned lips, barreling through slack teeth. Kagerou explores your mouth, tasting everything she can reach.

A pair of hands hesitantly slide up your legs, slipping themselves underneath your panties.

Satisfied exploring, Kagerou focuses on your tongue. Tasting it, nudging it to one side or another. The hands hook themselves in your waistband. The night air blows against your ass, as your panties sink down your legs.

A growl reverberates down your throat as Kagerou’s hands clench, biting into your scalp.
Scared, you push your tongue forward. The growl stops. Nervously, you slide along her lips. A hum of satisfaction. You press in a bit further.

A tongue slides up your ass, gliding between the cheeks. You yelp, knocking Kagerou out of the kiss.

“God damn it!”

Frozen, you stare at the bared teeth of her scowl. She pushes herself off of you. In one quick motion, she grips the panties around your ankles, and yanks them off each leg. She presses them to your nose, filling it with your scent. You let out one ragged breath.

“Open up.” 

Legs quaking, you press a hand against the offered panties, cringing as they squish against your palm. Another growl rises through Kagerou’s throat. Her hand grips your shoulder, long nails digging into your flesh. Razor sharp teeth glisten behind a snarling lip.

“Please! Let me do something else!”

The words just spilled out. You’re powerless here, but this is just too much. Unfortunately, Kagerou’s patience has run thin. She knocks your hand away, pressing the panties against your pursed lips.

“Open. Up.”

Your mind spins. A small taste of your pussy on your lips. Blood trickles down your shoulder, from where her nails have dug in. For all you know, she might well kill you if you don’t comply. Lips quivering, you try to will them open.

Nothing happens. The blood trails slowly down your arm, and Kagerou’s growl grows only louder. You can’t do it. You just can’t. The thought of letting that thing on your tongue is just too much.

Kagerou’s teeth part. Maybe to say something, maybe to bite you. Your hands fly to her wrists, straining to keep them away.

“Anything!” You blurt out. “Anything else.”

Kagerou stops, pulling her hand away for a moment.

You’re entire body’s shaking now. Adrenaline drowns out whatever you felt before.

Kagerou stares hard at you, the closes her eyes. She lets out a frustrated sigh.

“Fine.” She tosses your panties away, then returns her gaze to you, leering.

Kogasa starts humming. Into your ass.

A smile creeps up Kagerou’s face. A lecherous, domineering smirk. She claps her hands together, moistening them with the fluid from your panties. She then brings them to your face, trailing that juice down your cheeks.

Then, gripping them, she pulls your head in close. She’s a bit taller than you expected, your eyes are brought only to her lower lip. She angles your head back, until you’re staring at her eyes.

“Part those pretty little lips for me, okay?”

She slides a pinky down your neck, nail resting against your jugular.

You open your mouth, lips dry and trembling.

She puckers her lips, and for a moment you think she’s just going for another kiss. She swishes her cheeks back and forth. It’s like she’s sampling some kind of fine wine. Or trying to eat something that’s too chewy. She learns her head forward, positioned her lips just over yours.

Kogasa’s tongue slides up your ass one last time. Then she presses it against your anus. You can’t help but flinch, but keep your lips parted. Kogasa may have her sights set on violating you, but you’re mostly certain she’ll never kill you. Kagerou’s a short-tempered mystery.

Kagerou parts her lips just slightly. Clear, lukewarm fluid pours from them down your tongue. There’s no taste. It just feels like…

Your own saliva. She’s feeding you her spit.

Kagerou opens wide, sliding her tongue out. Small bubbles slide down her tongue as more drool drops down. You cringe as it starts to pool near your throat.

Kagerou slides her thumbs between your lips, pulling your mouth wide open. Slowly, deliberately, she pushes one last, large dollop off her tongue. It drops down, grazing your tongue to join the pool at the bottom.

“Good girl.” Gently, she guides your lips back together. Your legs shake as Kogasa’s tongue continues to press against you, insistently probing your anus.

“Swallow.” Cringing against the slimy feeling of it, you force Kagerou’s spit down your throat. You suppress a shudder as it goes down, but then relax as most of it leaves your mouth.

Then the tip of the tongue forces its way past your sphincter. You plant your arms against Kogasa’s head, as her efforts threaten to throw you off-balance. In response, she wraps her hands around your hips, pressing her face further against your ass. Pushing through, her slick tongue slides against your walls. Despite everything, a small fire builds inside you. Some part of your body enjoys this.

Kagerou steps back, pulling your head level on the way. She bends down to reach the hem of her dress.

In one smooth motion, she hikes it up and throws it over her shoulders. Soft brown fur forms a thin carpet over most of her body. Arms, legs, and sides are completely covered. It thins out over her breasts, belly, and crotch, but it stops completely at her wrists and ankles. Kagerou throws the dress aside, leaving it to land somewhere in the soft grass of the clearing. Her feet are already bare, leaving only a lacy black bra and matching panties between you and what’s to come.

For a few moments, Kogasa’s content to just taste you. The tip of her tongue slides in circles along your inner perimeter. Then she shoves her tongue forward again. Walls clench and your legs lock. You clench against her, straining to keep her out. But millimeter by millimeter her tongue forces itself deeper and deeper. You strain against it, but soon it’s pointless. With one last push, the Kogasa forces the last of her tongue inside.

Kagerou clears her throat. Focusing back on her, you find her lacy, black bra and the heavy breasts within filling your vision. With a snap, Kagerou releases the latch. But rather than pull them off, she guides your head to one breast.

“Take it off for me, okay?”

Unsure, you bite the cup. Kagerou pulls back, sliding her arms through the loops on the way. Finally, the garment falls limp, hanging from your teeth. Returning to you, she pulls it out. She flips it around and rubs the cup against your nose.

“Tell me dear, how do I smell?”

All you smell is sweat and fur.

“…Good?”

“Good girl.”

Kagerou drops the bra behind her. She returns her hands to your scalp and presses you between her breasts.

Kogasa’s tongue slides back out of your ass. Then, just as the tip reaches your sphincter, she forces it back in. Her slick tongue once more grinding into your ass. Shoving its way back through the tired muscle, she sinks back to the… hilt. Uncomfortably full once more, you can’t help but shiver. Then she thrusts her tongue forward again. No human tongue could possibly extend so far up your ass. Impossibly, it keeps going. Then, finally, it stops. Wet muscle fills you nearly to bursting.

Your legs give out. Kogasa’s hands are now all that keeps you upright. Small tremors crawl up and down your body.

Pulling your head back, Kagerou grabs one of her breasts and presses it toward your mouth.
Nervously, you give the nipple a light kiss. Just tastes a little salty. Kogasa’s tongue finally slides out, your walls contracting around it. Her hands leave your hips. Your ass jerks back slightly, until the tip finally clears your entrance.

Kagerou shoves your head forward, stretching your lips wide open to fit her massive breast. Taut, soft flesh fills your mouth. She wants more. You slide your tongue along it, grazing her nipple. Kagerou hums.

Something cool and hard presses against your ass. Thinner than Kogasa’s tongue; some kind of rod? You try to ignore it. Kogasa can do what she wants. Kagerou demands your attention. You slide your tongue black down, then up again. Her nipple is rock hard. Then you stop and focus your attention on the nipple itself. You flick it with your tongue once or twice, then narrow your lips to give a hard suck. Kagerou lets out a heavy moan.

Good. She probably won’t hurt you. You gently pull yourself back to move to her other breast, as Kogasa’s rod pulls back.

Slam! Your whole body jerks forward as the rod crashes through, sinking deep into your ass. You stumble briefly, effectively impaled on Kogasa’s rod. Hard metal grinds against sensitive walls. Shaking, you try to focus on the breast, licking circles around the nipple. Kagerou wraps her arms around your back. You plant a kiss directly on the nipple, before clamping down on it. This time, you suck it gently, pressing your lips softly to it. You look up to Kagerou’s now softer face.

The rod pulls back, almost dragging your ass with it. It stops just short of exiting completely. Then it pushes forward again, shoving itself painfully deep inside you. It pulls back, then thrusts forward, scraping against your insides. You jerk and groan, muffled by Kagerou’s breast. Kogasa’s rod fucks you slowly at first. The pleasure of stimulation mixes with the pain of it’s hard, unyielding surface.

Slick, sticky fluid trickles down your leg, from your increasingly wet pussy.

Kogasa licks your now exposed clit. Pleasure blasts through your system. Quakes and spasms fire up and down your body as the rod pushes in and out. Your legs involuntarily clamp together as Kogasa rubs her tongue against you.

Then with one last, shuddering breath, you hit the edge. Time stands still.

This is it. Your first time. Not with a man or woman that you loved. But instead with a pair of strange, overpowering youkai. In the middle of nowhere. One of whom you’re certain you’ve never even met.

They barely even touched your pussy.

The rod surges forward, pushing you over. Pleasure now sears through you, and every ounce of strength evaporates. You sink forward, once more buried between Kagerou’s breasts.

Kagerou grabs you by the shoulders and eases you down. She gently lays your back on the cool grass. Blearily, you lift your head to see Kogasa kneel between your legs. Even now, you find the way she stares at it almost cute. Like a priestess before her god, or something. You pray she’s just admiring your crotch. Would be nice for a youkai to give you some space. Just once.

If only you could use their fixation on you, somehow. To hold others off, if nothing else.

Kagerou stands up, turns toward Kogasa, and plants her feet by your head.

Black, lacy panties slide down into view, held taut between a pair of furry legs. You look back up to see Kagerou’s firm, smooth ass as she lifts one leg, sliding it out of her panties. Not even bothering with the other leg, she drops her knees to the ground. Thick, heavy thighs slowly, deliberately sink on either side of your head, dragging her ass ever closer.

Kagerou’s ass fills your vision, as its weight settles against your face. Then one of your legs are flung up and over a shoulder. Kogasa drapes a leg over your other one.

Kogasa’s pussy presses against yours.

Nervously, you try to look up, but see nothing beyond Kagerou’s backside. Kagerou leans forward just a touch, sliding her pussy against your lips.

“You know what to do, right?”

There was still that threat, hidden in her voice. She still doesn’t trust you, and you still don’t know what she’ll do if you don’t cooperate. You give her pussy a kiss. She moans, softly this time. Almost cutely.

Then she clamps her furry thighs against your head, giving you a painful squeeze. She leans back, pressing your nose against her anus. Her ass fills your nostrils, smothering you. You press your tongue to her entrance, silently praying for mercy as your lungs strain. Kogasa slams her pussy against yours, shocking you with pleasure. The fire returns to your belly as she grinds against you.

Tears build in your eyes as pleasure builds in your crotch. You wrap your hands around Kagerou’s hips. You push your tiring tongue inside Kagerou’s folds, filling your tongue with her taste. Kagerou leans forward again, pressing herself to your lips. Finally free, your nose sucks in as much air as you can get. Kagerou’s smell still dominates it. You try to stir her up, pushing against her walls. You push in and out, trying to build a rhythm that’ll keep you going until she comes.

Then Kogasa’s pussy grazes your clit. You seize up for a second. Shocks fire across your body. Worried, you try to pick up the pace. Kagerou starts rocking against you, sliding her pussy against your face. You try to keep thrusting your tongue. In and out, in and out. Kagerou’s trembling, but Kogasa’s still rocking against you. Your crotch burns, your muscles quake, and you’re certain you won’t be moving once Kogasa finishes.

If Kagerou doesn’t climax, what’ll she do to you?

You pull your tongue out of Kagerou’s core, to slide up along her folds, as far as you can reach. Straining, you rub it against her clit. Kagerou quakes, leaning further, bringing her clit closer. You focus your efforts there. You press your tongue back and forth across it. Kagerou trembles.
You see, taste, and smell nothing but Kagerou. Her ass, her sweat, her arousal.

Kogasa smashes her pussy against yours. Your muscles seize. You’re almost there. Again. You drag your tongue back to Kagerou’s folds, ramming it in. In. Out. You pump it in and out as hard as you can, straining your neck and tongue to finish her off. Kagerou drags her clit against your chin, sending her off the edge. Heavy, powerful thighs lock together against your head, grinding your skull. A howling scream rips through the night as juices pour down your tongue.

Then Kogasa hits you just right, sending you off. Your breath catches as your body seizes. Pleasure overwhelms you as every muscle in your body quakes and spasms.

Then everything goes black.

Vision soon returns, followed by the scent of Kagerou’s ass. Long nails stroke your hair. Kagerou’s thighs still weigh down on you, her pussy resting on your lips.
“Just clean it up, okay?”

Slowly, you slide your tongue along Kagerou’s slit, still dripping with arousal. And slowly, her remaining juices slide down your tongue. Kogasa hugs your leg, kissing the heel.

Kagerou leans forward, planting her hands on your breasts. Idly, she pulls them away from each other, then pushes them against each other. Pain builds as she squeezes too tight, but mercifully, she lets go. Instead, she simply starts to knead them.

Kagerou releases your breasts to lean back, once more burying your nose in her ass. You suck air in through your mouth. Kagerou presses her heel against your entrance, now bringing only pain. She grinds slowly against it.

Finally, you lick what you hope to be the last traces of Kagerou’s arousal from her slit. The taste is gone, at least. Exhausted, you let your tongue fall back behind your lips.

Kagerou’s crotch finally slides out of view, dropping just behind your head. Once more the scents and taste of the cool night air fill your lungs. Finally, it’s over.

A pair of hands slide against your cheeks, lifting your head up. Grass rustles as Kagerou’s thighs sidle up against your shoulders. Kagerou lets go, dropping your head into her lap.
Dropping your head onto her bare pussy.

Whatever. It doesn’t matter anymore. Kogasa’s leg drapes across your torso, pressing its heel against your left breast. Kagerou’s fingers slide through your hair.

But that’s it. Maybe they’re satisfied. Maybe you’re just too tired to care anymore. But they’re… quiet now. Slowly, exhaustion takes its toll.

You fall asleep.

You were so busy worrying about getting home, you almost forgot why you even left the village.

Who are you, and what happened?

That’s right, the farm.

For most farmers, their worst year was either the Scarlet Mist Incident, or the endless winter. For your family, is was one bad summer.

Last year, a youkai attacked your home. The following night, another came. For weeks, they came. Some crept around your house, seeking open doors or loose windows. Others smashed their way in, through doors, windows, or walls. Some crashed through the ceiling, some dug up from the ground. A few slipped through cracks between the boards.

Some didn’t even wait for nightfall, striking in broad daylight as you worked the farm. It was never more than one or two at a time, but it never seemed to end. If not for Hiroki and Ayame, they would have taken you in the first few days.

Of course, you and your family were prepared for youkai attacks, as they were just part of life on the farms. But the constant barrage and lost sleep wore them down. You did what you could to ease their burdens, scaring off what youkai you could, without waking or calling for them. Unfortunately, you weren’t strong, gifted, or magical.

It was like every monster you imagined as a child was now terrifyingly real. Even the little detail that it was you, specifically, that they wanted.

Really, it was just the why that was different. The fact that the monsters had always technically been there didn’t help too much.

But your parents, your elder siblings, and even Youta helped keep them off you for weeks. Every night, they’d creep and crawl, or they’d bash the door down. But they never got past your family.

Until her.

That night, you were certain that it would happen. That she would have her way with you. It seemed as if nothing was going to come between this girl and what she wanted. Yet somehow, Ayame pulled through. You realized you could hold off the inevitable no longer. The next morning, you packed and moved to the village.

Then, one week ago, Ayame showed up, offering to escort you back home for a visit. You’d been apart for a year, after growing up your entire life with them. As unnerving as the farm had become, you couldn’t bear to say no.

The week flew by before you knew it. 

It was the last night of your visit. The weak, violet light of a late sunset poured in through the lone window of the warehouse loft. Thankfully, the orange light of your lamp drowned it out. You often came here when you were younger to vent frustrations, or just to be alone. This time, you kneeled over a simple page of numbers, glancing over it one more time. You’d already learned to read and write, so you’d been studying math.

A soft, cool breeze wafted in through the open window.

Then a slender hand cupped your chin. Looking up, you saw a stern face framed in short blonde hair, with a pair of leaves in it.

“Naoko Honda, right?” Her voice was small, but kind of silvery.

You wouldn’t mind listening to it a bit more.

“Yes?”

You couldn’t help the tone. How did she even get in here? The only thing on her slender frame was a simple red dress with its hem cut in an odd leaf-pattern. Did she fly in? Could she fly in?
“Good. I’m Shizuha Aki, you may have heard of me.”

Surprisingly, you had. Your older sister, Ayame, was a trained priestess, whose skill in exorcism had saved your ass several times during the bad summer. She was also the only priestess of Shizuha that you’d ever heard of.

Shizuha cleared her throat.

“I hate you.”

…What?

Did your sister’s own goddess personally visit you, just to say that?

You couldn’t decide whether to be hurt, or just shocked.

“You’re the reason I’ll lose my only priestess for miles.”

“…I’m not sure what you mean. You’re the only reason Ayame ever wanted to become a priestess in the first place.”

Shizuha let out a tired, frustrated sigh.

“Yes, I am.” She stepped forward to kneel in front of you.

“And she expects me to protect you, somehow. Like I’m one of the mountain goddesses, or something.” She looked down at your paper, scrutinizing it like it owed her money.

“You’re going to get raped by a youkai, you know that?”

That.

So, you had to address this, huh?

“Nonsense, they haven’t shown up for months.”

It was true. They hadn’t attacked once during your visit.

“And what happens when they do?”

“I-”

“Don’t bother.” Shizuha cut you off, levelling a glare at you. “Maybe it’ll be tomorrow. Or in a week. Or a month. But it’s going to happen. And you know what that’ll mean?”

“Ayame will give up on me, and move to someone stronger. Kanako, Bishamonten, maybe even the Hakurei god. It doesn’t even have a name, and it would probably do a better job than I ever could.”

“But doesn’t Kanako just ser-”

“Honestly.” Shizuha grabbed your cheeks, pulling your gaze to hers.

“What does she expect me to do? I turn leaves red, and knock them off trees.” She tilted your head slightly. “It’s enough for her little art club of a congregation, but I can’t part a sea.”

She let go. Turning around, she glided behind you.

“Honestly, I should just get it over with.”

You didn’t like the sound of that.

“Just fly over to the woods, leave you there, and watch the results.”

You turned around, scooting slowly back.

“Seriously, it’s such a pain the neck. Why bother doing anything for someone who’s just going to spit on me in a month?” She crept forward.

You bumped against the wall.

Shizuha’s hands slid onto your knees. Softly, she stroked your cheek.

“Lucky for you, I’m a problem solver. I can’t cure you, but I just might be able to help you.”

A smirk broke out across her face.

“I think I’ll dig a basement and lock you in it.”

You gulped. “I’d honestly rather you didn’t…”

“Oh, how about a cage then?”

You shook your head. Your sister’s goddess wasn’t this cold, was she?

“Fine. A leash it is. I suppose I could take you for the occasional walk that way.” Shizuha crawled onto your lap. She placed her hands on your shoulders.

You just shook your head again.

She let out a melodramatic sigh. “Oh fine. Then maybe you have some bright ideas?”

You looked away. It’s not like you never considered this, but what could you do? Anyone with any real power was either the very thing you feared, or was surrounded by such things.

She wrapped her arms around your back, pulling you forward just slightly. Then, she laid her head against your neck, hugging you.

“You can’t win, you know. Not like this. You really need to protect yourself.”

“But is there anything I can do?”

Shizuha pulled back, sliding her eyes down your body.

A short, tight breath. “Not my area of expertise. But I need you happy, for her.”

She leaned in, planting a short peck of a kiss on your cheek.

Pulling back, she continued. “So you need to figure something out, okay?”

She put on a thin smile that was probably supposed to be reassuring.

“I’ll try.”

Then she slid a hand down to your hip.

“Just remember, if you lose me one of my precious few priestesses, I will… punish you.” 

You awake to the most girlish shriek you’ve ever heard. Shivering in the cold dew and grass of an early summer morning, you crane your head back. Kagerou stands behind you, fuzzy legs crossed and arms wrapped tight around her breasts. What the hell?

“Wh… I- w- d-” Half-formed sounds tumble out of her mouth as her skin burns cherry red.

Meanwhile, a pair of breasts squirm against your thigh, smooth slit sliding pressing against the knee. Kagerou steps around you, reaching down to pick up a black bra on the way. You try to pull yourself up, only for pain to flare across your back. Flexing your arms and legs, you find most of your body sore.

At least you can taste things other than Kagerou now. Glancing back at her, you realize the fur’s noticeably thinner now. Even at its thickest, it’s not really a carpet anymore. It’s more ‘hairy’ than ‘furry’ now. As she slides the black panties up her legs, you could swear there’s something missing there.

Split personality? Was she drunk? Drugged?

No, she was definitely under the effect of… whatever you have.

Does sex cure it?

If so, you hope it’s not just that. You barely made it through two youkai at once. The amount you’d need go through to achieve any real safety out here would be just impossible. Still, it’s be better than nothing, you guess.

Kagerou flips her hair out and over her dress. Something is definitely different about her head.

“What’s your name?”

“Naoko.” That goddamn voice. You’re not sure you can say no to her any more. Not for a while, at least.

Then she launches into the air and disappears. Just like that.

“Boo!” Pain screams through your body as you launch into a sitting position. Kogasa just shouted that… into your pussy. What the hell is it with her and vocalizing to your genitals? And she has the gall to give you the brightest, most cheery smile you’ve ever seen.

At least she’s let go of your leg.

Then she just stands up and grabs her own light blue panties.

“You’re the most surprise-able person I’ve ever met.”

“Have you actually shouted into someone’s crotch before?”

“Well, not really…” She blushes at that.

Kogasa’s different too. She’s not alarmed, but she’s giving you space now. Maybe the sex really does cure it.

“But you know, your ass was just sooo delicious.”

Guess not.

“I wonder if I could eat something from it?”

Your head turns to her. She’s sliding her vest over the blouse. The skirt’s already there. She walks toward you, finger to her chin.

“Maybe sushi?”

She’s not serious, is she?

“Nah, I should start with something simple, like carrots or cucumbers.”

Please, for the love of god, don’t let her be serious.

She drops to her knees next to you. Then grips the bottom of her vest. In one motion, she pulls it, along with her blouse, up above her breasts. Glistening nipples and pale pink areola greet you.

Either you’ve been desensitized to nudity very quickly, or you’re just too damn tired and sore to care that she’s flashing you.

She drops it back down, then shrugs.

“It was worth a try. Here.” She drops her bra on in your lap.

You look up at her.

“Wolfy broke yours, remember?”

Your camisole, right. Torn apart, like your obi.

As weird as it feels to use someone else’s underwear, your hands appear to be tied here. You flex your arms a bit, testing their capabilities. Most of your strength is back, at least.

You push your arms through the straps, then pull the bra over your shoulders and try to work the clasp.

“Here, I’ll get it.” Kogasa leans in and snaps it shut.

It… hangs a bit loose, but it’s probably better than nothing. Mostly hides the naughtiest bits, at least.

Kogasa hands you your panties. You slide them down your legs, slowly, to ease the strain.
They don’t feel too great. But again, not really any options.

Then Kogasa presents you with your kimono. It’s… seen better days. It was only ever a cheap single-layer affair, but it did the job. Without anything to properly tie it together though…

Grunting, you throw it over your shoulders and push your arms through the sleeves. Slowly, you haul yourself upright and, clutching the sides, wrap it around you yourself. You’ll show a lot of skin if you ever need your hands for anything.

“Oh wait!”

Kogasa gives you a peppy smile and places her finger to her lips.

“You know, I can still taste it a little… wanna share?”

…What?

Oh. Oh hell.

“No.”

Kogasa shrugged, grinning. “Suit yourself, I suppose.”

“So where do you want to go?”


“I think I’ll just go back to the village.”

“Okie-dokie.”

And just like that, Kogasa scoops you up in her arms, pulling you into a princess carry. You’re not entirely comfortable resting against her bust, but you’re far too tired to complain.

“Hey, I just thought of something.” Kogasa leaps forward, clutching you tight. “I don’t think I’ve ever had sex before. That’s kind of a weird thing for an umbrella to do, huh?”

Is that the part she’s concerned with?

“Anyway, I’m pretty sure that’s normally something only lovers do…” She skips between a pair of trees. “But I don’t think we are, yet…” You wrap your arms around her neck as she slips beneath a low branch. “And then there’s wolfy. She also had sex with you.”

“But a single night doesn’t make us lovers, right?”

“Hm…” Kogasa hummed thoughtfully. “But we’re going to have more, right? A lot more?”

Shit, you should have seen that coming. “Uh. I can’t say we won’t…” It sounds lame, but you are not giving her any reason to turn around.

“Good enough for me! And if you don’t feel like it, then I just gotta force you again, right?”

“Please don’t.” She knew she was doing that?

“Hm, hmm~” Kogasa hums. She pulls you in for a hug, nuzzling her cheek against yours.

She skips out of the woods, onto the packed dirt of the road. You see the village walls in the distance as the sun rises behind you.

Then her feet leave the ground. And the hand on your back slides to your butt. Because of course it does.

Then she starts stroking it. Mercifully, her levitation covers ground fast, and you soon reach the gates.

How on earth did you ever expect to outrun her?

“Stop right there.”

Two guardsmen stand in front of the gatehouse, spears pointed directly at you. Sunlight shines off lightly plated armor.

“Let her down.” The right one says.

“Uh, okay!” Kogasa sets you down. Your muscles protest, but you don’t quite collapse. It’s only when your bare feet touch the ground, that you realize you left something behind.

The right one gestures his spear toward you. “You may enter.”

Cautiously, you limp past the guards, reaching the gate. Their spears remain trained on Kogasa.

“Oh, come on! I’ve been behaving. I haven’t hurt anyone yet!”

Your hands reach the gate as another pair touches your shoulders. They spin you around, pulling you face to face with Kogasa again. She plants a full kiss on your lips, then pulls back.

She sticks out her tongue. “You haven’t seen the last of me!”

She lets out a short giggle and allows the guards to pull her away.

Awkwardly, you wave at her before turning back around to open the gate.

You close the gate behind you, walking through the dimly lit chamber of reinforced wood. It’s like a miracle. You’re finally inside the walls, and both your captors are gone. Finally, you’re safe.

You open the second gate, and step down onto the village’s main thoroughfare.

Even in the early morning hours, merchants, artisans, and visitors fill the streets here. Shakily, you push your way into the crowd, clutching your loose kimono around you. Mercifully, no one seems to notice.

You still can’t quite get over the sheer gulf in the youkai’s behavior between last night and now. You step off the busy market streets to a small residential district. The streets here are quiet, but noticeably thinner.

Kogasa wasn’t too different, just more sedate in her perversion than expected. But Kagerou? The one who did all of that? And she’s the one to freak out?

As if you’d forced it on her?

You pass by a few small houses to reach a small apartment block. You take one hand off your kimono to push open the door to your house.

There’s not much inside. A futon in the far-left corner, a thin wardrobe lining the right wall, and a low table in the near-left corner. A pair of romance novels by your bed are the most personal items you own. Soft, slow romance. You close the door behind you.

You drag yourself to the futon and drop to your knees.

You’re home. You’re safe.

Now you just need to stay that way. And at this point, you may need to address your little talent to so. It’s not like the village is completely free of youkai, after all.

But you still don’t know much. It sends nearby youkai into a frenzy, but last night was not your first encounter with Kogasa. She’d tried to scare you or sell you a lock once or twice before.

Is that normal, or was Kogasa an exception? You’re pretty sure you never met Kagerou before last night, and she was worse. Which one was the exception?

Sex does not cure the effects of your talent, does it? It certainly didn’t cure Kogasa.

You can’t help but rub your ass at the thought.

Then you look down your torso. With your hands resting against the futon, there’s little to hide your smooth belly, or Kogasa’s ill-fitting bra, from the world. You can’t keep walking around in this. And then there’s the lingering smell you’ve been ignoring.

You need to wash the sex off.

Grumbling, you haul yourself to your feet. You open your wardrobe to pull out a simple, rustic red kimono. Then you grab a simple gray bra and matching pair of panties. Closing the wardrobe, you bundle them up with a small bag of coins. Wrapping your current kimono around yourself again, you press the bundle to your chest to help keep the kimono closed.
Precisely who does your aura affect anyway? Are ex-humans affected? What about fairies? Or…

“I will… punish you.”

Are gods vulnerable to it?

What about magicians or hermits?

Shaking the thought off, you push your door open and step back into the streets. Making your way to the bathhouse, you’re once more brought back to alert. You scan the crowd for rabbit ears, red hats with puffballs, giant pink clouds, and anything else you can think of.

Mercifully, the trip to the bathhouse is uneventful. Your muscles still creak and groan, but you’re getting used to it.

Stepping inside, you hand the attendant coins for admittance, and a little extra for soap and a towel. Collecting the items, you proceed to through the pink curtain. Warm steam and quiet dripping greet you on the other side. Smooth, moist tiles greet your feet as you walk through the largely empty room.

There are the usual shelves, buckets, and pools. But otherwise you’re largely alone.

Not really a surprise though; the baths are usually more of an evening activity anyway.

You set your bundle on a shelf, then shrug off your kimono and set it next to the bundle. Your panties and Kogasa’s bra soon follow. Then, stepping back, you settle onto a stool. You take the soap and lather up. You need a plan. Sliding the lather down your arms and legs, you consider your options.

You’re up against potentially terrifying youkai. Small spells or weak gods might buy you time, but they won’t save from the big ones. You need an ace.

You get more lather and rub it up and down your torso. A strong guardian would be nice, but your hope of relying on any of them is negligible. You rub your lathered hands across your face, almost hoping to just wish the frustration away.

Warm water crashes over you.

You spin around to find a slender woman holding an upturned bucket. Her scowl and short, blonde hair are familiar, but you can’t quite place it. Her breasts are also a bit smaller than your own, barely large enough to wrap a hand around, you think.

“So, how was your night?” She all but growled.

Shizuha.

You open your mouth, only for her to cut you off.

“You reek of sex. Or you did, I suppose. Please, do tell me how that happened.”

Of all the things you could say, you decide to settle on simple honesty. After all, Kogasa’s still around, apparently ready to lovingly describe every detail. The incident with the guards will probably keep her out of your hair for a while, but she’s coming back.

That’s just who she is.

“I didn’t make it.”

Shizuha lets out a surprisingly soft sigh. Then she grabs your wrist and drags you over to the bath. She settles in. You slip one foot into the hot water, then the other. Slowly, you ease yourself down next to her.

“Ayame’s not the only one who’s worried, you know. She’s just the only one silly enough to ask a nobody like me for help.” Shizuha grumbles, but slides her arm around your back, giving a gentle squeeze. “You wanna talk about it?”

“Not really.” You’d rather just forget it happened.

Shizuha lets out a long sigh. “Guess I just have to tell Ayame I failed then. I wonder who she’ll follow next.”

“You don’t have to, do you?”

“Asking a goddess to lie now, are you?” Shizuha turns toward you, sliding her arm back. She sits on your feet, looking right at you. “Now tell me, do you think I should also lie the next time this happens? What about the time after that?”

She pulls you in. Water swishes as she all but presses her breasts against yours. “And what should I say when she inevitably learns the truth, hm?”

“There won’t be a next time.” You almost pout.

“Oh, so you did come up with something?”

You nudge her back and stand up.

“I have a few… ideas.” You turn around and step out of the bath.

You take a bucket of cool water and pour it over yourself. You then grab your towel and start drying yourself off. You’re only hope of true safety is to make a powerful ally soon, but even attempting to do so will put you in substantial danger. Rubbing the last bit of excess moisture out, you head to the shelves to grab your fresh clothes.

A wet hand grabs your shoulder and spins you around. Shizuha plants a soft kiss on your lips. She then blushes and looks away.

Confused, you reach for your panties and slide them up your legs. Shizuha starts drying off as you grab the bra. Sliding it over your arms, you snap it shut.

“So, who was it?”

“What?”

“Who did it to you?”

You’d really just rather forget.

“Can we talk about it later?”

“Fine.”

You pull the red kimono over your shoulders, carefully setting it into position. Then you wrap the obi around it and tie it off.
You’re finally dressed.

Which is when a now dry hand slides down your back. Shizuha wraps her arms around your torso, pulling you close.

“I’m not letting you go anymore, you know.”

“So, where to?” 

“There’s a little bookstore I want to visit.”

“A bookstore? I suppose that would be safe enough. Lead the way then, mortal.” You’re sure she’s at least mostly joking with that last remark.

Shizuha lets go and you fix a pair of sandals onto your feet, then step onto the road. She falls into step beside you. She’s still wearing that red dress. You pass through streams of people, tuning out the low din of constant conversation to scan the faces that pass by.

There are plenty of youkai working or hiding in the village, and any one of them could bring about a repeat of last night. Furthermore, it’s only a matter of time before Kogasa returns. Weeks, at most.

You don’t have time to learn magic or exorcism. You can never quite be certain who’s youkai and who’s human. You barely even know the first thing about your little talent. You need information. Right the fuck now.

But this is not the first time you sought to correct this problem. In fact, you’ve searched every library and bookstore in the village to find clues to your nature. Well, all but one.

There is one store you’ve never dared touch. A store almost infamous for the strange events that cluster around it. No one’s quite certain why they happen, but in Gensokyo, it’s not hard to make an educated guess. Before, that was why you steered clear. Now it might just be your only hope.

Suzunaan.

There is, without a doubt, some sort of mystical influence there. Probably youkai. If you’re lucky, the visit will be uneventful. If not, then at least you’ll still be inside the walls, during the day. You need to take a risk now, or face certain peril later. And sadly, this is your best shot.

Then a thought strikes you.

“By the way, don’t you have some divine duties to attend to?”

“Goddess of Autumn, holding duties during the summer? Ridiculous.” Shizuha sneers, perhaps at fate itself.

“My sister has plenty to do, watching the crops and everything.” She lets out a quiet grumble. “What would I do? Paint trees out of season?” She scoffs. “That would go over well.”

“…Huh.” A part-time goddess? She’s right about Minoriko though. That girl spends tons of time around the farms. Supposedly, she’s checking the crops and preparing them for harvest. But you sometimes wonder if she’s just looking for free food from pious farmers. Or just making sure they don’t forget her; she does seem to offer food as often as the takes it. Still, something bugs you.

“You sure you want to stick to me like this?” You can’t help it. People getting clingy never ends well for you.

“It’s that or let you get fucked again.” You can’t help but wince at that. Does she have to be so damn blunt about it? “Besides, even if I didn’t need your sister so badly, I feel like I should at least try to protect you.”

That sounds reasonable enough. You hope.

You weave your way to a quiet street, just off the markets, near the wall. Not too many major businesses here, which is a mixed blessing. There are fewer strange faces to pick through, so the less human-like youkai are easier to pick out. But there are also fewer witnesses and capable fighters, so if something does go down, you’re in trouble.

Still better than the wilds, probably.

Finally, you stand before a simple doorway draped with small banners. Like with Kogasa, you’d made it a point to learn precisely where this is, to better avoid it whenever you had to come close.

Swallowing hard, you lift the banner and step into Suzunaan. It’s… dark. Sure, the doorway faces away from the sun, but the murky shadow smothering the interior still stuns you. Towering bookshelves, stacked so full of books that they pile on top, lurk in the shadows. Deep shade hides most of the walls, giving off the illusion of a vast, cavernous chamber.

“Good morning.” The attendant says, all bubbles and sunshine. Short, orange hair with little bells in it. Not a youkai, to your knowledge. She sits behind a simple table with a cup of writing utensils and a strange bronze instrument on top. A horn of some kind, maybe. “Is there something you’re looking for?”

“Yes. A book on youkai.”

She smiles, blankly, for a moment.

“…Like the Memento?”

“Not… quite.” You’ve skimmed through a copy of that once. It helped to pick out a few youkai you otherwise wouldn’t have noticed, but that’s about it. Youkai get too weird around you for main contents to be of any real use.

“Something more about how they act in general or…” You can’t help but blush at this, but you need the information, “their sexuality, especially.” A youkai mood-killer might save your ass. Or piss them off. That’s the trade-off when dealing with beings more powerful than you, you suppose.

“I honestly, sincerely, doubt that would help you, Naoko.” And Shizuha’s just a ray of sunshine, isn’t she?

“I- I don’t think we have anything so lewd.” The girl’s face is quite a bit redder than yours, but she maintains a mostly professional mask despite that. She steps out from behind the desk. She apparently favors a somewhat western fashion, with the red checkerboard shirt and green skirt under that apron.

‘Kosuzu’. That’s not the store’s name, is it hers?

“It might not be exciting enough but… Maybe a demonology book?”

She leads you down one of about… four isles, you think. The shadows make everything seem large and enigmatic, so you can’t be certain. She pulls down a black book bound in what looks like actual silver. Some odd red runes decorate the cover.

“It mostly describes some older youkai that don’t really appear anymore, but it does contain some speculations about their general behavior…” She pulls a sticker off the front edge and offers the book.

“Thanks, I’ll give it a look.” Gingerly, you take it up.

“I’m Kosuzu, by the way.” So, it was her name.

You open the cover.

A strange, crawling energy surges through you, then fades away. When it’s over, you’re still standing between shadowed shelves and creepier books. Shizuha and Kosuzu are still there. Relieved, you glance through the book. The inside cover contains an illustration of a woman with an intricate red dress and white hair cascading down her back. Odd veiny… shapes float behind her. Wings, maybe? The first page contains what appears to be a title.

In what sure as hell isn’t Japanese. Or English. Or any script you can identify. You skim through the next few pages. Sure enough, more gibberish. Then you stop.

You’re staring at a page with an illustration of a woman with large, purple wings. There’s a title just underneath, with smaller type in short clusters beneath that. Some kind of stats? The other page is a wall of incoherent text. Then the title changes.

‘Vampire’ it says. The text beneath changes as well. ‘Habitat: Lakes, marshes, and other still bodies of water.’ Then the next one: ‘Skills: Sucking blood, creating thralls, and molesting young maidens.’

Weird.

‘Demeanor: Proud, ambitious, horny.’

‘Desires: Naoko’s pussy.’

The book crashes to the floor. Shizuha looks at you.

“Uh, Naoko? What was that about?”

Kosuzu scrambles to pick the book off the ground. She looks at it, confused.

You stare at it for a moment, half-expecting the illustration to rise out and, well, do what the book implied. Are you seeing things now? What the hell was that?

“Are you okay, Ms. Naoko?”

You take a deep breath to still your shaking legs. “I’m fine, I just… thought I saw semen.”

The other two freeze. It takes a minute to realize what just escaped your tongue.

“Something. I just saw something.” You reach for the book. Tentatively, Kosuzu hands it back.

You flip through it, soon finding the page with the purple-winged woman. It’s back to that alien script. You stare for a moment, but nothing happens. Maybe it was just… what?

You’ve slept. You’ve had a good bath. You’re only moderately hungry.

You can’t be hallucinating. Not naturally, anyway.

Sighing, you hand it back.

“I can’t rape-” You cough. “Read. I can’t read it.”

“Are you okay?” Shizuha slides her palm across your head. It doesn’t feel especially cold.

“I’m fine.” Sudden inexplicable vulgarity aside, you feel just like you normally do. You need a something readable. “I need a bitch, I mean book, I can rim. Read.”

“Uh, Ms. Naoko, maybe you should sit down?”

Something about Kosuzu’s face and tone doesn’t sit right with you. Like she’s nervous for the wrong reasons, somehow.

Still, that may not be a terrible idea. Something’s wrong, and if it’s anything like your normal experience with the supernatural, it’s because something wants to fuck you. Possibly worse.

Still, in the grand scheme of things, you’re blind. And this is your one shot to finally know what the hell is going on.

Goddamnit.

“I… I don’t nude. Know. I dick know. Don’t. I- Screw it.” Something’s very wrong. Something is screw. You need to know something about either youkai or your talent, but what do you do?

Shizuha steps beside you and grabs your wrist.

“We’re leaving.” She drags you back toward the entrance. You want to resist her; you might have finally been able to learn something crucial about yourself. But you’re also happy for an excuse to get the hell out of here. In the end, you let her lead you away.

“Goodbye then, I guess. If you come back, I’m sure I can find the right book for you.” There’s a weird tone of relief mixed into the more obvious disappointment. Is she hiding something?

Shizuha parts the banners, just as your torso freezes.

Your arms slam against your sides as bright, red light flashes around you. A red ring of light materializes around your midsection, decorated in those damn runes.

The light dies down as more runes form above and below the ring. It dims to a strong glow. Your sandals scrape against the hardwood floor. Air glides past as the ring drags you back into the bookstore. You plant for feet into the floor, but that just knocks your sandals off. Then the ring stops, holding you in front of the main desk.

You strain forward, barely budging. You strain back, moving only slightly more. You kick your legs out, and they swing through the air, your body still suspended in the ring. They fall back down. You stretch out your arms, finding that your forearms, at least, can leave your sides. They can’t move far, but the circle does not bind them the way it does your upper arms.

Shizuha sprints back. “What the hell is this?” She reaches for the ring, only for her hands to slide through. She circles around behind you.

“You’re really going to keep me busy, huh?” She grumbles.

Her arms wrap around your yours and your midriff. Locking together, she strains, her arms digging into your gut as she pulls.

You shift backward very slightly.

“Help me out, Kosuzu.”

“Oh, okay!”

Kosuzu circles around in front of you and plants her hands against you, just under your breasts. She presses hard against your ribs. Nothing. She throws herself against you, grinding her elbow into your gut. You don’t even budge. Then the elbow and arms relax, either resting or giving up.

You spring back to your previous position. The circle still binds you. It appears to have a sort-of rest state, from which strenuous exertion barely shifts you.

You can’t escape on your own.

An odd voice rattles through your head, thin and raspy, but clearly feminine.

Your bare feet rub against hardwood as the circle drags you once more. Alarmed, you twist and turn, but don’t even slow it down. You find it’s barely moved you, just positioned you to face the table corner. Then, slowly, it slides you forward, until the coarse edge presses against your crotch. Your legs squirm, seeking a comfortable position. It presses forward again. Both your kimono and panties fold inward, parting your lower lips.

“Begone!” Shizuha commands. “Depart. Dispel. I banish you!”

She can’t save you.

Apparently Shizuha’s trying to exorcise the circle. You twist your forearms to plant your hands on the table and push. It’s far too heavy to even budge, and you can’t get the leverage to even budge your torso this time. The ring rotates very slightly, rubbing your pussy against the corner.

That’s when a white clay bottle floats into view, transparent liquid sloshing inside. You clamp your mouth shut, but a hand to reaches out and snatch it away.

You turn to see Shizuha as she wrestles with it. It struggles against her grip, but she forces it to her lips and chugs. She stares your stomach down as she drinks. With one final gulp, she sets the bottle back on the table. She sways slightly, but sets her gaze toward you.

“Ha! You’ll have to try harder than that.”

The ring flares out a short burst of light, then dies back down to normal. Anger? Frustration? Either way, there’s a definite blush on Shizuha now. Either she’s tipsy, or just embarrassed by your predicament.

Kosuzu sneaks behind Shizuha, toward the exit.

“Hey! Where do you think you’re going?” Shizuha spins on her.

Kosuzu rubs the back of her head, then gives a deep bow. “I’m sorry! I can’t help, but I know someone who can.” She runs to the doorway.

She stops, just before reaching the banner. Turning around, she shuffles back toward you.

“Eh-he. Sorry, I but just got a better idea.” She stares straight at you. There’s now a jarringly lascivious undercurrent to her otherwise bubbly voice.

Kosuzu’s bells jingle as she approaches. The circle pulls you back, then slowly rotates you to face her. Shizuha places herself between you and Kosuzu. Kosuzu idly pushes her away. She throws her yellow apron up and over her shoulders, tossing it aside. She stands before you and slides a hand between your breasts, down to your stomach.

Shizuha steps behind Kosuzu and grabs her wrists. Straining, she tries to pull them away. Kosuzu just slides a hand over your breast, dragging Shizuha’s with it. She brings the other hand up to your other breast. She slides them underneath, cupping the bra beneath your kimono.

“Get. Away. From. My. Property!” Shizuha grips Kosuzu’s wrists and throws her weight back. She pulls the hands back slightly.

Kosuzu then slams her foot into Shizuha’s stomach, blasting her into a bookshelf. Wood crunches and books crash over her.

“Shizuha!”

Shocked and appalled, you writhe in the circle. You can’t help her, you can’t fight Kosuzu. Straining, you do the only thing that comes to mind. You swing a foot back. Then you drop it to throw it up between Kosuzu’s legs. With a hard thump, it connects. Kosuzu’s entire body jerks upward. There’s no balls there, but you know that still hurts like hell.

Your foot drops back to the floor, wet and sticky. Not with blood.

You look back to Kosuzu, who’s breathing heavy. She slides her hands around your bound arms, then links them behind your back. She rests her head in your breasts. She lets out a happy sigh.

“Hey, before we get dirty, how about you do that again…”

I can help.

“Kosuzu, why are you doing this?”

Sign a contract with my author, and I can dispel this demon.

She looks back up to you, eyes glowing a faint red.

“Kosuzu? I’m just doing what the vampire does, remember?”

Vampire? What does… The book. That goddamn black book.

The goddess is back up. Send her to the violet book.

Shizuha? You glance over the orange hair buried in your chest. Sure enough, she’s pulling herself back up.

You can guide her, but she needs your command.

“Shizuha, the bookshelves! Look for a violet b- urgkh!”

Kosuzu’s hands squeeze tight around your breasts. She pulls her head out of them, her bells jingle as she raises it to level a black glare at you.

Shizuha scrambles behind her.

Books and scrolls tumble off the shelves all around you, flying toward her.

Kosuzu grips your chin, pulling your eyes back to hers.

“Tell me, Naoko. What the hell do you think you’re doing?”

Kosuzu squeezes her your breast tight and yanks. Pain burns through your chest as ligaments and tissue strain against her iron grip. For a terrifying moment, it feels like she’s about to rip it clean off.

Then she lets go. Your breast settles back into place, suddenly quite sore.

Kosuzu huffs. A proud, stubborn sort of huff.

“It doesn’t matter, really. I’ll just have to wrap the girl up and see if she’s any good as a sex toy.” She says, in a voice that’s too bubbly for the husky tone she’s using.

Books clatter and scrolls unwrap behind you.

“You, however, are mine.”

Kosuzu leans back in. Her hands slide around your back, into your obi. Your muscles twist and strain, but fail to move you within the ring. In seconds, Kosuzu’s work is done, as your obi falls to the floor. Mercifully, with your arms pinned so tight against your sides, the kimono barely moves.

Then Kosuzu slides her hands up to your shoulders, under your dress. Gently, she slides it down, baring first your shoulders, then your upper arms. Then, gently sliding her hands to your belly, she parts the dress. Your kimono falls completely open, barely held to your body by locked arms.

Her eyes open wide, like a hungry dog.

Good, good. Keep her distracted a bit longer.

More clatter occurs beside you, and a brief glance reveals Shizuha sidestepping a pair of scrolls, with a purple book in her hands. She appears to be fidgeting with i-

Kosuzu plants her hands under your breasts. With a quick push, she slides your bra up and off them. Exposed to the cool, dry air of the bookstore, your nipples start to harden. Your bra now sits awkwardly bunched up above them. Kosuzu slides down to a crouch. Gripping the sides of your panties, she glides them down to your ankles.

Kosuzu stares, transfixed, at your bare pussy.

The doorway is so close. You might even be able to escape right now before she notices. If you could just fucking move.

Breaking the trance, she grabs an ankle. You twist your leg, trying to extract it from her grip. Almost idly, she pulls it up and out of the garment. She leaves the other where it is. She plants her hands on your ass, squeezing the cheeks.

Then she raises her head back to your chest and plants a soft, short kiss on the underside of your breast.

I’m free!

“On behalf of my author, I offer Lady Naoko Honda a contract. In return for-”

Kosuzu’s tongue slides in slow, lazy circles around your breast’s perimeter. You try to focus on the voice as she circles inward.

“…a period of one week-”

Stinging pain lurches through your breast. Kosuzu sunk her teeth into your nipple, gnawing at the tender flesh. She releases her teeth to suck on your abused nipple. She hums.

She lets go with a wet pop. Moving to the other breast, she opens wide.

“…power. What do you say?”

“Y-mmph!”

Kosuzu smashes her lips against yours. You lean back, only for her hand to wrap around your scalp, pulling you back in. Moisture trickles down your leg. Kosuzu’s tongue pushes forward. You offer only token resistance, waiting for a chance to act. Her tongue pushes past your teeth to slide along yours.

Desperate, you kick at her again. Her legs are closed, so you swing at her from the side. You get a happy moan, but nothing else. You kick again, and again. Your lungs burn as she slides her tongue from side to side.

For a moment, your vision blurs.

She pulls out, giving you precious moments to suck in air.

Then, once your desperation dies down, you take in a quieter, controlled breath.

“I d-ghk.”

A thick, snake-like tentacle coils around your head, crushing your cheeks and sinking between your teeth.

“I think I’ll just keep this here, pet.”

Kosuzu steps backward. She gives her skirt a few tugs, then it just slides down her legs, exposing a cute, if simple, pair of pink panties. The skirt pools around her boots. She kicks it to the side and, with just the one hand, throws her checkerboard shirt over her head and tosses it away as well. She leans forward, popping the top button off her white undershirt. Undoing the next few buttons she exposes a matching bra atop her modest bust. One by one, leaning closer each time, she undoes the rest of the shirt. She shrugs it off.

The discarded clothes slide into the shadows, across a surprisingly clear floor. Where did all those books and scrolls go?

A few more books tumble behind you as Kosuzu rips her bra off.

Then Shizuha floats back into view, naked save for the scrolls wound tight around her body, her arms twisted tight behind her. It’s almost impressive, the way they wind up her legs, skip the pussy and large patch of blonde hair, then wrap once just below the breasts and once above, then up again, finishing off with what almost looks like a collar around her neck.

Either gods don’t need to breathe, or that scroll is a hell of a lot looser around the neck than her reddening breasts. The way they jut out past the bindings makes them look large and full. She wiggles, a little, but either she’s entirely bound or, like you, she’s saving her energy.

Kosuzu then kicks her boots off, having apparently unwound the strings at some point. Lifting one foot, she slides her sock off. She lifts the other and pulls it off as well.

Shizuha floats closer, almost bumping up against Kosuzu.

Kosuzu turns to Shizuha, who leans her head back. Kosuzu grabs Shizuha’s jaw. Pulling it closer, she forces it open and stuffs the socks inside, one at a time. Shizuha gags, her once-pristine hair jerking forward. Another scroll slides across the white wool stretching her lips, then circles behind her neck and wraps itself around her jaw. It takes a few circuits before it’s finished.

With Shizuha bound, you’re almost out of hope.

“Mrgph!” You cry, more in desperation than any expectation of an answer.

Kosuzu turns back to you. She rolls her eyes dramatically. She shimmies her panties down her legs. She steps out of them, picking them up with her free hand.

She lifts the panties up over Shizuha’s head and stretches them over her ragged hair, making a perverted little ‘hat’. Satisfied, she gives Shizuha’s head a quick pat, then turns back to you. She sidles up, pressing her body against yours. She parts her lips, revealing a thick, black tongue. Then the tongue slides out.

It’s… very round. It flares near the tip, then tapers off into almost a bell-shape, with a small hole at the end.

That thing turned this girl’s tongue into a goddamn cock. All it’s missing is the vertical slit at the end.

“I’m gonna unwind my baby now. Be a good girl and kiss the tongue, okay?”

You nod, quickly. The tentacle on your head slides down to your neck. Just as it leaves your lips, it gives a single, threatening squeeze. Then her… ‘tongue’ slides forward, it’s head all but touching your lips.

“Ple-ghk!” The tentacle squeezes your throat.

Panting, you lean forward. You place a light, shaking kiss on the soft head of the cock. It slides back behind Kosuzu’s lips.

“There we go. See, you could do it if you tried!” Kosuzu cups your cheeks. “Unlike this bitch.” She nods her head to the side.

Soft flesh crashes against the hardwood floor. Shizuha collapsed, still bound by those scrolls.

“Honestly, she’s so pathetic. I just don’t know what you see in her.” Kosuzu places another light kiss on your lips. “Besides, why be with one girl, when you could be with hundreds?”

“All those demons, spirits, and nightmares… I have every single one of them stored inside me, you know?”

“This piece of shit couldn’t compete with even one of them.” Kosuzu glances to the side, idly kicking Shizuha’s stomach. “I think she’s staring straight at your poor little virgin pussy right now. You should punish her for such lechery. Kick her for me, would you?”

You remain still.

“Oh well.” Kosuzu slides that disgusting tongue back out.

“Suck on it.”

She didn’t even move her lips to talk. You remain still for a moment, only to get another warning squeeze to your neck.

Obediently, you part your lips. Slowly, you lean in, dreading every moment. Your lips envelop the soft head first, stretching to fit the whole thing inside. You squeeze your eyes shut, trying to ignore the cock’s foul taste. Kosuzu pulls your head forward, forcing the shaft inside. Thankfully, it’s short. Barely any longer than the head.

You slide your tongue along the cock’s underside, forcing back a gag. Kosuzu presses her lips to yours. Is this a french kiss or a blowjob? Kosuzu’s body jerks and you hear a hard thump beneath you, followed by a muffled groan.

“Really, trying to steal my pet like that. What a bitch.” She doesn’t even break the kiss to say that.

Please, let Shizuha come out of this okay.

Kosuzu slides a hand down to your crotch. Slowly, she rubs your pussy.

Her cock thrusts forward, forcing its way to your throat. It stops. You take slow, steady breaths through your nose. It pulls back. The head bumps against your lips.

Then it thrusts itself back in. Kosuzu’s leg jerks again, followed by another thump and a groan. This time, it stays there, extended, and rotates slowly. Fabric twists beneath you, accompanied by a muffled hiss.

Kosuzu’s tongue pulls back. Then it surges forward, hitting your throat and pushing through. Your throat seizes as you gag on her cock. It pulls back and pushes forward, as it builds up a rhythm. Back and forth, Kosuzu face-fucks you with her tongue. As her cock pounds your throat, you twist and strain your body against the red ring. To no avail.

Kosuzu breaks the kiss, leaving her cock behind. Some sort of sticky, fleshy substance seals over your mouth, trapping it inside.

“Can’t have you saying any naughty words now, can we?”

The head sits at the back of your mouth, almost blocking your throat. Paper shuffles below you. Looking down, you find Shizuha twisting and turning in her bindings as her head slides between your legs. The scroll left her mouth, exposing the now spit-soaked bundle of wool inside. She pulls her head up and spits them out. Then her face disappears, now hidden beneath your crotch. Smaller red rings flare to life around your ankles, locking them in position. The rings drag them apart, spreading your legs and baring your pussy to the world.

Then the red ring sinks down, dragging you with it. Shizuha screams. Her body shakes and writhes, desperately seeking escape as you sink closer. You twist and strain again, as her body rises to meet you. But the ring continues its journey, inexorably dragging your body with it. Your ass sinks over Shizuha’s face, her hot breath brushing against your asshole. Her nose rubs against your crack.

Kosuzu plops her ass down on Shizuha’s stomach, staring almost rapturously at your pussy. Which is leaking a small stream of your juices down Shizuha’s chin. Letting out a heavenly sigh, she leans down to place a firm, wet kiss on it. She leans back up and scoots forward, deliberately rubbing her legs and crotch against Shizuha’s tormented breasts. Then, pressing her ass against them, she drapes her arms over you.

There’s a flash of red light behind you. She pulls back one hand to reveal a black dildo.

“You know where I’m putting this, right? After all, there’s really only one place left.” She slips it into her mouth. Then, popping it back out, she presses it against your collarbone. She meanders it down between your breasts, and down your shallow stomach, to press it against your entrance.

In one harsh motion, she slams it in. The tongue-cock bounces against your tongue as your head bounces forward. You groan in pain as much as pleasure, as the fleshy shaft grinds against your folds. She stops. You hear a strange, almost grinding noise below you. Shizuha screams into your ass.

“Hey bitch! Better start licking your friend’s ass. I’d just hate to see what happens if you don’t.”

Shizuha’s tongue darts to your asshole and slides up and down your crack, almost feverishly. The grinding stops. Her nose pokes at the cheeks, as she shakes her head. Her head leans back for a moment. Her tongue returns, all but slurping up and down your crack.

Kosuzu slides the dildo in and out, sending pops and surges of pleasure through your body. Shizuha presses her tongue to your asshole, probing the entrance. You wiggle your ass, still straining against the ring that anchors you just above her. Your ass just pushes Shizuha’s head from side to side. Your breath hitches.

Shizuha’s tongue breaks through, penetrating your sphincter to taste your colon. She rattles, her head quakes, and you think you can hear her gag. Her tongue slides back out and returns to licking your crack.

Kosuzu slides the dildo back out, your pussy clutching to it on the way. She smashes it back in, sinking to the hilt. Your walls contract as the sensations blind you. Shizuha’s tongue pushes back into your anus, shoving its way past the sphincter. The black tongue swells, filling your mouth completely.

Even through the growing haze and building need, you sense a desperation in Shizuha’s attention.

You squirm, rocking your hips as hard as your bindings allow. It’s not much. You try to ride Kosuzu’s toy cock and Shizuha’s tongue, pushing them in as deep as you can. The increasingly rigid tongue threatens to choke you as it extends to hit your throat again.

If you don’t climax soon, Shizuha might not make it. Hell, you might not.

You can’t move your upper arms at all. You can only barely move any other part of your body. But by straining against the circles with all your waning might, you can wiggle slightly. Fighting back the growing convulsions, you force Kosuzu’s dildo as deep as you can.

With one final thrust, Kosuzu’s dildo surges inside you, bringing you to the edge. Kosuzu erupts, her pussy pouring her juices over Shizuha’s chest as she collapses into you, convulsing. Shizuha screams again. A sticky, metallic fluid pours down your throat, as the tongue deflates. The scrolls are tightening even more. The black cock falls out of your mouth. You can finally act now. You must act now.

You pray the book is still listening.

“I accept your terms! Purple book, I ac-”

A new, strange energy pours through you. Cleaner than the first. Less… creepy.

Kosuzu jerks back to clarity. She pulls herself up to glare at you.

“You bitch!”

Red light flares across your body. The rings grind against your skin, threatening to break the bones in your arms. Heat bursts out of them, searing your flesh.

Kosuzu growls. “I am not letting you go!”

Kosuzu leans forward, gripping your shoulders. Her eyes flutter. She collapses, her head falling to your breasts.

Shizuha’s tongue pushes up, straining to reach deeper into your ass.

“I think… I think she’s defeated.”

Shizuha’s tongue slides back down. Nothing happens. An audibly relieved, if muffled, sigh climbs up your ass. You wiggle again.

Sure enough, the rings are still at full strength.

“Hey, book. I signed your contract, how about you help me out of this?”

There’s a moment of quiet. Shizuha wiggles a bit, letting out quiet grunts.

“Your bindings are beyond my power. Only my author has the power to dispel them.”

You arch your neck and twist your knees. Shizuha yelps. You relax. Shizuha relaxes as well; did you squeeze her somehow?

Kosuzu blinks twice. She plants her hands on your breasts and pushes herself back up. She stares at you, somewhat owlishly.

Her mouth opens and closes. A few soft, but unintelligible sounds spill out of her mouth, as moisture builds in her eyes.

“I… I-I-I-I-I…” She hurls her arms around your neck and presses her head into the crook of your neck. Her bells jingle.

“I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.”

She sounds miserable, but you’re still trapped in a bookstore filled with potential youkai, possibly smothering your only ally with your ass.

You don’t have time to deal with Kosuzu’s regrets right now.


“It’s alright. Listen, I need you to untie Shizuha right now.”

You hear what you think is a note of agreement from Shizuha, muffled by your ass. You pinch your legs together, as far as their bindings allow. It’s not much, but it does spread your ass-cheeks very slightly. Hopefully Shizuha can get at least some slightly purer air that way.

“I- …okay then.” Kosuzu stares down, between your legs. At Shizuha. She sets to work on Shizuha’s ankles, finding the start of the scroll spiral. Exclaiming something between a grunt and a girly squeal, she rips the tip away from Shizuha’s ankle. She pulls it over Shizuha’s legs, then under. She passes it from one hand to the next. Over and under. Over and under. Soon, Shizuha parts her shins, now free of the scroll. Kosuzu kneels between those shins to continue her work. After a few more passes, she slides her hands under Shizuha’s ass, to peel the scroll off.

Kosuzu steps gingerly to the side, bumping up against your leg. With a quiet jingle, she continues her work on Shizuha’s stomach. She slows down once she reaches Shizuha’s reddened breasts. She gingerly peels the lower binding out from under them. Then she removes the upper binding. Mercifully, Shizuha’s breasts settle back into their natural positions, no longer compressed between the scroll. Kosuzu reaches Shizuha’s neck and, after a few passes, removes the scroll entirely. She steps back, gathering the scroll together as best she can.

Shizuha plants her hands under your thighs and arches her back. She pulls herself against your pelvis, her nose grinding against your ass. You push yourself against the ring, straining for what little height you can achieve. As usual, you budge very slightly. Shizuha strains, grinding her nose against you and shoving her slick chin against the base of your pussy.

She sags back down, taking in deep, exhausted breaths. You worry about just how much of your ass she’s breathing in right now. Is she even getting any proper air?

You shift your legs slightly, hoping to ease the strain.

Shizuha folds her legs together. Squeezing tight, she shoves them against yours until they’re tucked underneath them. She then wraps them around your shins.

Your limited strength gives out, once more completely smothering Shizuha beneath your ass. Shizuha shoves herself forward, popping her head out behind you. She stops when her breasts hit your crotch. She takes a long, heavy, gulp of air. Then, shifting the weight of her legs to your thighs and, planting her hands beneath them, she pulls herself back.

Her chin slides back through your crack, followed by her nose. They scrape against your flesh again, as she tries to shove them out the other side. She twists and wiggles her head, seeking an angle that will let her out. Nothing happens. She lifts her crotch, pushing her head to the side. She shouts something into your ass. She then wiggles her head, bobbing it to one side.

Straining, you push against the ring again. Your muscles burn, but you get that precious bit of space. You can only guess what she means; you pray you’re right. Using the space, you twist your ass just slightly to the side.

Shizuha slams her nose against your backside. You bite back a groan of pain, as her skull pounds against your pelvis. Then, with a pop, her head slides beneath your ass and lands between your legs.

Shizuha looks up at you, a mix of triumph and irritation on her face.

“Are you alright?”

“I’m fine. Everything hurts, but I heal quickly.” Shizuha lies back down.

She coughs a few times.

You take a breath of your own, your ass now resting over open air. Apart from Kosuzu staring at your breasts, nothing happens. You squirm, twisting your legs and arms. Nothing. Still anchored into this odd squatting position. Essentially displaying your bare pussy for the store to see.

In fact, you’re pretty sure it’s visible from the doorway.

Aaand putting that thought out of mind, you focus back on the bindings themselves. Three rings. One around your stomach. This one locks your upper arms to it, and then locks all three to a specific point in the air. Then there’s one around each ankle, locking them a point, but not tying them to any other objects. Rune-shaped holes in the rings, with additional, glowing runes, above and below the central ring, but not the ankles.

Shizuha tucks her legs back in, then stretches them out between your own. Her arms follow suit.

A flinger slides along your back, gliding against the kimono still held between your arms and sides, still draped over the lower half of your back.

“You know, I’ve never seen this language before. I wonder where it came from?”

You can’t help a bit of discouragement at that. You were kind of hoping to decode the rings and find a solution that way.

“So, you can’t read it then?”

“What?” The finger stops. “Oh no, I can still read it just fine. I just can’t tell where it came from. Isn’t that weird? Why would a book not use the language it was written in? Or did its language change somehow?”

“Wait, you can read a language you’ve never seen before?”

“Huh? Oh, yeah. It’s a little talent of mine, I guess.”

That’s… that’s not a youkai thing, right? Because she could probably do anything she wanted right now, and you’d be completely powerless to stop her. Hell, you’d probably be powerless to hinder her. You need her to be human right now.

Either way, now’s not the time to press her on this. You have someone who can read the nonsense. Studying the gift horse can wait until it can’t bite you.

“So, what does it say?”

“It’s… difficult to convey. For instance, this section literally says ‘Core, extension, arms, binding.’ But what it means is something like ‘Target the center, add the arms, and bind those together.’ Magic grammar’s just really weird like that.”

That might prove useful in the future. Possibly. But right now, all it tells you is what you’ve already learned through pain and futile endeavor. Wait, so she’s read other spells before?

Naoko, you’ve been gifted a portion of my author’s power. You can break the circles with it.

Shizuha hauls herself up into a sitting position. Grabbing one of your knees, she pulls herself onto her feet.

“Hey, Kosuzu, got something to drink?”

“Table, top right drawer.” There’s a sound of focus, almost to the point of tunnel vision, in her voice.

As Shizuha walks off, you notice that her breasts are already back to a more healthy, peachy tone.

There’s no comfortable position to put your legs in. Between being suspended from just about a head’s depth above the ground, and locked to points a good pace apart, a dull ache is building within them.

Shizuha spits. Out of the corner of your eye, you catch her holding a cup and rubbing her lips. She then takes a drink of whatever’s inside.

“It’s just so weird.”

“What is?”

“The… intentions, I guess.” Kosuzu presses a finger against your back, again. “See, this one feels curious, wanting, and a little… frisky, I guess.” She removes the finger. “But the ones on your legs are completely different. They feel more like a predator. Super focused, no curiosity, and super… um, you know. Pervy.”

Is there really such nuance in those symbols?

“Also, uh, Naoko.” There’s a quiet jingle behind you. “Please, please, please. Don’t freak out, okay?”

Well, that’s encouraging. But you do need to focus. So, you brace yourself for the news as best you can.

“The letters aren’t just on your rings.”

…What? What does that even…

“What do you mean?”

“W-well. It’s down your back, and your… butt. On your arms, your legs… And you know, just all over.”

Okay, that’s just ridiculous. You look down your body. Still not thrilled about the bra sitting uselessly above your breasts. But there’s no writing, anywhere but the rings.

“I don’t see anything.”

“Wh-huh? You don’t?”

“Nothing.”

“What about you, Shizuha?”

Footsteps sound behind you.

“Nope, nothing.”

“I-uh, okay. I’m probably just seeing things then, I guess.”

And you’re back to square one, trapped in magic shackles, anchored to a quiet, dark store filled with demonic literature.

Lady Honda, your magic.Use it.

You can’t feel anything there, but…

You clench and twist your muscles. Your hands open and close. Your knees wiggle. Most of your body does fucking nothing.

With nothing left to go on, you close your eyes. To find yourself or something. Shut out every other sense. Just focus on what is within. You’re pretty sure that’s how it normally goes. But you find nothing. Reluctantly, you open your eyes again.

You catch a flare of red light. Then your head locks into position, ramrod straight above your shoulders. A scream of terror surges from your lungs. Only to die as your jaws lock together, muffling your voice far beyond recognition.

Shizuha rushes to your side, vaulting over a bound leg to stand before you. She places one hand flat against your stomach.

“For the love of all that is holy, you piece of shit. Be. GONE!”

The entire store turns a deep red. Every circle burns, heating your flesh. Countless pinpricks poke through your skin.

But something reacts against it. Something inside you. It feels like… energy, actually. Like what you use to pull yourself out of bed, play ball with your brothers, or dig holes and furrows for planting.

There are subtle differences, but they’re difficult to describe. You might say that if your ‘normal’ energy is fire, then this is water. There is, for lack of a better term, a ‘cooler’, ‘softer’ feeling to this.

And now that you sense it, you realize you can move it. Taking as deep a breath as you can through your nose, you drag the power inward. Pulling from your limbs and head, you concentrate it within your stomach. Much of the pain dissipates.

Shizuha glares at your stomach, bathed in red.

You shove the energy at your front, slamming it against the main ring. It feels like heavy, scalding knives cutting through your belly. But though you can’t look down, you notice that at least, there’s no blood pouring out.

Shizuha’s eyes widen, before she returns to that mask of determination. Maybe that did something? Testing, you find both your torso and arms still as locked as they were before.

That energy gathers again near your skin. You pull it together again, only for a blast of pain to scatter it. In the following haze, a woman appears behind Shizuha. Long and straight black hair, a shrine maiden’s garb decorated with red, leaf-patterned sash.

She leans to the side, her hands on Shizuha’s shoulder as she watches from behind.

Ayame.

You can’t let her see you. Not like this. You gather the energy and throw it at the main ring again. Pain follows, then an audible crack.

In a burst of red, the ring shatters. The rings around your ankles wink out. Then, finally, the ring around your head.

No longer anchored to a point in mid-air, you collapse. Your head falls back into a pair of comfortable, fleshy pillows. They’re not very big, but they’re soft. A pair of arms wraps around your torso, dragging you backward. Gingerly, she hauls you onto a chair. The girl then circles around to your front.

Kosuzu places her hands on your knees, an act that pushes her humble, but still very naked breasts together. Shizuha stands a few paces behind her, likewise still nude.

Honestly, you can’t believe you’re somehow the most dressed person in the room.

“Where’s the book?” Shizuha stares at Kosuzu.

“W-Which one?”

“The black one. The one that attacked us.”

“Its- it was over there.” Kosuzu points to nearest isle. Shizuha marches toward it.

Scanning the store, it comes with some surprise to realize that it’s mostly still intact. You could probably count on one hand the number of books or scrolls knocked off a given bookshelf. With all the commotion you heard, you expected this place to look like a war zone. In fact, most of the clutter is just a scattering of red leaves.

Grunting, you reach up and pull your bra back over your breasts. Then, reaching down, you slip your foot back into your panties and slide them back up your legs. You lift your ass off the chair to slide them over it.

“Are… are you okay?”

You pull your kimono back under your ass before you sit back down. You’re finally free. But you’re exhausted and dirty. Again.

Shizuha rifles through the shelves. Barely keeping from knocking books off them.

“I’m… fine.” As much as you appreciate the support, you can’t sit still.

You have magic now, apparently. With some training, you might just learn to fight off low-level youkai. Like that one shit that keeps pestering your neighbors.

You’re also now contracted to some mysterious ‘author’. Whatever that means. You pull your kimono back over your shoulders, settling it back into its proper place. You push yourself up off the chair.

Kosuzu throws her hands against your shoulders, pushing you back down.

“Please, I’ll get it for you. Just tell me what you want.”

You sigh, too tired to fight her.

“Obi.”

“Oh, right.” Her face turns pink. She turns around.

That ass is way too plump for how thin she is. You’re kind of jealous. Of course, yours is probably a little bigger, but it just never had quite the right shape for you. Not the cute bubbles she has, at least.

Kosuzu returns with the obi, wordlessly handing it over. You finish tweaking your kimono, then wrap the obi around yourself. You need to be somewhere safe, and you need information.

What you need is…

“Kosuzu, the book’s not here.”

“Are you sure? Maybe it’s just nearby.”

“No, it’s nowhere near here. I don’t think it’s even in the building anymore.”

Shit. That’s one more problem you can’t tackle right now.

But you’re all tired, hungry, and dirty. And you can’t stay here.

Your muscles ache, there’s an odd, almost salty taste on your tongue, and you’ve just been through shit you really want to forget. But before you can get to really addressing any of those, you need to take care of something else.

Low, angry gurgles sound from your stomach. You need food. Admittedly, you’re not quite certain what a god needs to eat, and you’re not even quite clear on whether demonic possession affects hunger. But you need a chance to talk things out before you can make any clear plans anyway. A good meal’s as good a chance to talk as any.

“…Let’s get something to eat.”

A dull pain throbs in your midriff, your ankles, and a section of your arms. It seems the rings took a greater toll on you than you thought.

“…Okay.”

Kosuzu shuffles off to pick her bra off the floor.

Shizuha walks over to you, apparently unconcerned about her bare, brown nipples or the blonde hair between her legs. She stands over you.

“You okay?”

“I’m fine. Just fine.”

You’re not very mobile right now, and you do need to get the hell out of the store. But you’re free, and not under any immediate threat. Once you’re walking, you’ll be safe. You hear fabric slide up Kosuzu’s legs as Shizuha slips her hands into your hair.

Those hands then slide down the sides of your face. You can’t help but notice how her arms push her breasts with their movements.

“What are you doing?”

“Checking.”

Her hands slide to your shoulders. Then they slide to your breasts. Apparently, gods really are susceptible.

“Please don’t touch m…”

“Dumbass. I’m worried that bastard left something behind.”

“Oh.”

The hands shift to your sides, where they slide down to your hips. Behind Shizuha, you catch Kosuzu sliding a book back into its shelf. With nothing but a few strips of pink cotton on her ass and upper back. Shizuha’s hands slide down to your ankles. She lets go.

“It looks like you’re probably safe.”

“Thank goodness.”

“But I think there’s something wrong.”

Shizuha grabs the bottom of your kimono and shoves it up your legs. On instinct, your hands snap to hers to push them back. For a moment, both are held in place, battling for dominance.

Shizuha stares you in the eyes.

“Trust me.”

Reluctantly, you let go. Shizuha pushes your kimono up to your hips. She then lifts your ass up to slide it just a bit higher. She lets go.

Then she slides your panties down, almost to your knees. Her fingertips touch your pussy. Her head sinks, until you feel her breath on its lips.

She pulls it open. You focus on Kosuzu, who’s rewinding one of the scrolls.

“Where is it?” Shizuha slides a finger inside.

You can’t help but squirm a little. The finger slides in, squishing against you, one knuckle at a time. Your body warms up quickly, apparently somewhat frustrated from earlier. The base of Shizuha’s other fingers hit your crotch as it slides down to the hilt. It pushes to one side, then the other. Up, then down. It rubs a few quick circles around your walls. A clear fluid soon climbs up her finger to drip on the chair beneath you.

“Where IS it?”

“Wh-ere i- is w-hat?” Her motions make it very difficult to keep a level voice.

“The… the thing. That twisted object she shoved inside you.”

Twisted object? What did she shove inside… The dildo. Where did that go?

Shizuha yanks her finger out.

“So that’s another thing that’s just disappeared. Great.” She stands up. “Did you at least see what it looked like?”

You swallow. She’s been your only real help so far, might as…

“A-a penis.”

You turn to Kosuzu’s blushing face. Still wearing just her bra and panties.

“It was black and shaped like a someone’s… manhood.”

“Great.” Shizuha steps back. She performs a quick scan of the store. “Nothing left to do here, then.” The leaves littering floor start to shake. Shizuha takes a few more steps back. The leaves burst to life. They soar through the air in a great spiral, toward Shizuha’s body. Then, starting at her collar, they merge together. The growing mass extends down Shizuha’s arms and torso. Capping off near her knees, they form her dress.

Shizuha steps forward again. She holds out her hand. You slide your panties back up.

“Time to eat, huh?”

A fine mixture of rich, earthy smells greets you, as you stand before the Yoshinoya. Apparently a quite new restaurant with an aim for the ‘hip’ and ‘modern’. Whatever the hell that means. Shizuha’s half-carrying you as Kosuzu, now dressed, leads you inside. After a brief exchange with a receptionist, Kosuzu leads you to a small, four-chaired table. Shizuha lets you ease yourself into a chair, as she takes one adjacent. Kosuzu sits opposite Shizuha, placing you between the two.

Young men and women sit at other tables, dressed in outfits that are fancy, but not ostentatious. High-class farmers, or minor nobles, probably. There are no horns, exotic ears, or other indications of the supernatural. As far as you can tell, they’re all human.

“So, what do you want to eat?” Kosuzu gives you a nervous glance. Precisely what makes her nervous, you’re not quite certain.

You glance through the menu. You recognize most of the meals in structure, but they all seem to have something a little weird to them, except for one friendly face.

“Perhaps the beef bowl?”

“I’ll have the soba.”

“Okay.” Kosuzu lets out a sigh of relief. “I’ll just take another soba, then.”

A young woman stops by, wearing the restaurant’s name on her apron. Kosuzu relays the orders, and the woman walks away.

“So, uh… does anyone um… well, today was nice and cool, right? Not too hot?”

You glance to Shizuha. She shrugs.

“It won’t last. A heat wave’s coming in soon.”

“Oh. Okay. Um, is there anything you like, Shizuha?”

“Woods, red, peace and quiet.”

“Oh. Well, what about you, Naoko?”

You… You’re not sure. It’s been awhile since you’ve really had a need to think about it.

“Cards and ball, mostly. But lately I’ve just been reading…”

“Reading? What do you read?”

“Well, it’s a book about a girl found inside a bamboo tree. It’s strangely relatable, at times.”

Shizuha raises an eyebrow.

“Oh, I see. Did you get to the part w…” Kosuzu continues, but your gaze slides to the entrance, where a young woman enters. Short, black hair. Brown cap, with matching jacket and shorts. Long, pointed ears.

Aya. Reporter and author of the Bunbunmaru news. Tengu.

You hurl your gaze around the room. Dozens of people, one exit. There’s nowhere to run without running into her.

“Youkai.” You whisper to Shizuha, pointing.

Shizuha looks at Aya, then back to you. She lets out a pointed sigh, and turns her chair to face you.

Then grabs your head and buries you in her breasts.

“Just act like you’re passed out.” She whispers back.

Rustic woodlands fill your nostrils as your head rests between gentle mounds for the second time today. You feel nothing between her dress and her breasts. Ignoring that, you let your arms slump, hoping to keep inconspicuous. The room continues to chatter, as your head gently bobs to the rise and fall of Shizuha’s chest.

Shizuha lets go. “She’s gone.”

Slowly, you lift your head back out. Sure enough, you can no longer find her amid the crowd. The waitress returns, carrying a wide plate.

“Here’s your food.”

She sets three bowls down on your table, then turns to leave. You lift your arms to your bowl, wincing at the discomfort of moving your limbs.

“Ah! Here, let me get that for you.” Kosuzu scoots her chair near yours and, grabbing your chopsticks, fetches a portion of your dish, lifting it toward your mouth.

Shizuha’s eyes narrow, before she turns her attention to you.

You take a bite. There are some spices you don’t recognize, but the normal texture’s still there.

“Naoko, you made some kind of pact, I assume?”

“Uh, yes. I think so.” You give an embarrassed smile. “Honestly, I couldn’t pay attention at the time, so I’m not sure what the pact was.”

Kosuzu blushes at that, for some reason.

“Excuse me? You signed a contract without reading the damn thing?”

“I’m sorry! But you were… it seemed like you were really suffering. I had nothing else.”

“Ugh, fine. But now we need to know just what your little deal entailed.”

“Um, I think I know…”

You both turn to look at Kosuzu.

“It was a… a familiar pact. You promised to serve as a familiar for one week. It means… well, you do whatever your new master says.”

That’s… oh god.

“You know, as foul as your ass tastes, you could’ve said no. There must have been another way out. Somehow.” Shizuha takes a sip from her bowl. “Yuck, I can still taste it. Anyway, we need to find this ‘master’ then, I suppose. Learn what it is we’re dealing with, now.”

“I suppose so. Kosuzu, do you know anything?”

“Not much. The book came from a second-hand dealer, so I’m not sure who the author is.”

“Shit. Wait.” Shizuha’s brow furrows. “It’s one week, right?”

“Yes.”

“Maybe we can just sit the week out, then. Hope the contract expires before her ‘master’ comes calling.”

“I… I don’t know. But I guess that might work?”

“Hey, Kosuzu!” A woman wearing brow-

Aya’s returned, standing at your table. “So, how’s business, partner? Everything going well?”

“Yeah. It’s fine. Everything’s fine…”

You stare straight at your beef bowl. You stuff a chunk of it in your mouth, ignoring the protests of your arm. If she doesn’t see your face, maybe she won’t notice you.

“Great to hear.” A chair slides away from the table. Then back in. An unfamiliar boot taps against your foot. “Books selling, no robberies, all that jazz?”

“Yep! There was a little… fight, but nothing too serious.”

Aya’s foot stops. “Well, as long as you’re still okay.”

Now that you’re used to the new spices, this beef tastes pretty good.

“At least one of our jobs is going well.”

“Yours isn’t?”

“Nah. It’s been a really slow week. The mountain’s been kind of slow too, but the village is just dead. I’ve got a grand total of one story I think the humans will really care about, and I haven’t even had a chance to speak with the main subject yet.”

“Tell me, what’s this story about?”

“Oh, hey. Late introductions, you’re one of the Akis, right?”

“Shizuha, yes. About this story…”

“Ah, ah, ah. No spoilers. Can’t have details leaked before anyone has a chance to read about it, right?”

“Tsk.”

Your bowl’s running low. You won’t be able to hide this way much longer. Attempting a casual posture, you lean back and look outside. The view through the windows isn’t amazing, but you can play ‘spot the youkai’ while waiting for the conversation to finish.

“But really, what I’d give for just one little interview right now.”

“Is she missing?”

“No, I don’t think so. But she should be at home right now. Unfortunately, she’s very reclusive, and the few people she’s in regular contact with haven’t seen her.” Aya audibly stretches. “It’d be such a shame, had I never found her.”

Maybe you could just walk out? Would she notice?

“So, Ms. Honda, could you spare a few moments of your time?”

What?

“Me?” You’re still watching the window.

“Yep. Naoko Honda. Daughter of Takuma and Masami Honda. Apparently a subject of interest in multiple youkai attacks, one of which may cause a bit of a stir here.”

“I… I have a thing I really need to…” You push your chair out. You really need to get…

Your chair slides back into the table. Looking up, you find Aya’s grinning face. A moment later, she’s back in her own chair, facing you.

“Just a few questions. Besides…” She flicks out a picture. It’s a picture of you, from the back, bare naked save for a pair of white panties you’re sliding up your leg. “I think it would be in both of our interests for me to know a little more about you.”

She puts the picture in one of her jacket’s pockets. “I really want to know just why I would ever have taken such a picture.”

Kosuzu speaks up. “What do you mean?”

Aya huffs. “I’m not a voyeur. Besides, humans just don’t do it for me. Never have. Except for little miss lady magnet, somehow. And I’m afraid that if she doesn’t find a way to turn her little power off, I may just… lose control. Soon.”

“Somehow, I doubt that’s quite what you want. Is it, Naoko?" Aya leans forward, placing her hands on the table. “So, how about you tell me a little bit about what happened, and maybe we can work something out.”

Can you trust her? Is she really on your side with this? You glance back to the exit. Given her stunt with the chair, you need to tell her something, but what?

“So… how much do you know?”

“That I am dangerously close to doing something with you that we will both regret.”

“Try it, bitch.” Shizuha growls.

You swallow. You hate having to be so goddamn passive, but you’re in no position to fight or even bargain. Besides, you have a duty to the village right now.

“A black book attacked me, just a few moments ago. We don’t know where it-”

“A book? What about the karakasa?”

“That was last night. She’s… I don’t think she’s a threat to anyone but me. But that book is on the loose, I think it-”

“About the karakasa, Kogasa, I-”

“She’s not important!” You burst out. “Yes, she… assaulted me, like the book. She… licked my ass.” Shizuha grimaces. “But she’s my problem, and the village can fight her off if needed. That book could be anywhere, in…”

“Fine. Tell me about the book. When did it make it’s first… advance on you?”

“Shortly after I opened it.”

Aya scribbles notes down in a small book. “And how long were you in the room before then?”

“A few minutes, at most.”

Kosuzu raises her hand. “Also, she read it just after I… unsealed it. Sorry, Naoko.”

“…It’s fine.” That’s not entirely true, but you can’t afford to hold a grudge right now.

“Hmm…” Aya looks between you and Kosuzu. “So, what did the book do?”

“It twisted my words, then locked me in glowing rings.”

“And then?”

Shizuha spoke up. “It possessed Kosuzu, and used her to rape Naoko.”

“Confusion, binding, and possession. Anything else it’s capable of?”

“It wrapped me in a scroll and stuffed my face in Naoko’s ass. What do you count that as?”

“…Telekinesis, I suppose.”

“It also made my tongue weird.”

“…Transmutation? Is that everything?”

“I… I think so.”

“Great.” Aya’s pen stops. “If I can find evidence, I can report that to the elders, and possibly get some secrets in return. But.” She turns to you. “That doesn’t tell me much about you. The book appears to have acted the moment it made contact, but I know that your little aura can take longer to… trigger. You were attacked last night as well, correct?”

Kosuzu turns to you, both guilty and curious.

“…Yes.”

“And it was the karakasa that time, Kogasa, I believe?”

“She was one of them, yes.”

“One of…?” Aya resumes her writing. “Anyway, how much contact had you had with her before?”

“She tried to surprise me once. We crossed paths once or twice afterward. That was all.”

“And had she shown any interest before last night?”

“Maybe? She was very friendly, but isn’t she like that with everyone?”

“Hm. You said she was ‘one of’ the people who attacked you last night. Who else was there?”

“Some kind of wolf girl, I think.”

“Hmm… Book, karakasa, wolf girl, crow tengu. Book was instantaneous, Karakasa took longer…”

Aya puts her pen down. She gives you a pointed stare. “Seriously, I don’t want to chain you to my bed, but I’m running out of time here. Either way, this will have to do.”

Aya stands up and walks around the table, to stand next to you. With a light kick, she scoots your chair out to face her. “Look at me.”

You force your gaze to her. She points down. Reluctantly, you stare at her shorts. She pops the button, then pulls down the zipper. Before anyone else can act, she has both her shorts and panties around her knees. Her bare, shaved pussy stares at you.

In an instant, her shorts are back where they were before.

“Like I said, I’m not a voyeur.” Aya turns to leave.

“I’m an exhibitionist.”

As Aya walks out the door, a spot of moisture builds between your legs. 

Filled up and slightly rested, you step outside the restaurant, followed by Shizuha and Kosuzu. The sun’s still shining bright, a couple hours past noon or so. Kosuzu had insisted on paying for everyone, apparently still feeling guilty about her role in what happened at Suzunaan.

“So, what are you going to do now, Noako?”

“She’s going home, that’s what.”

“I don’t that I sh-”

Shizuha grabs your wrist and jerks you down the road.

“I-I’ll see you guys later, okay? If you need help, come to my st-” Kosuzu’s voice cracks. After a moment, she continues, somewhat sadly. “Um, go the Hieda House, I’ll get you in.”

“Okay.” You say, as Shizuha drags you down the road. You jog to catch up with her. “Are you sure this is a good idea?”

“Twice.” You’re about to ask for clarification, when she cuts you off. “You’ve been ‘assaulted’, as you prefer to call it, twice now. Am I wrong?”

“…No, you’re right.”

“We’re not taking any chances anymore. You’re going home, where you’ll stay. I’ll lock you in if I must. If you need anything, I’ll get it. Food, water, information, a fucking suit of armor or a legendary artifact.”

Your gut sinks. Sure, it’s not too different from how she talked back at the farm, but you’d kind of figured she was at least half-joking or something.

Still, an odd thought crosses your mind.

“And what if I need to… you know… ‘go.’”

“I’ll drink it.”

…What? You stop. Shizuha stops soon after.

“I mean, I’ll get a bucket. Besides, it can’t be any worse than your asshole, anyway.” You feel a sting of guilt at that. That still bothers you, having put her through that. Helplessly watching her squirm as your ass sank ever lower…

Shizuha grunts. “Damnit. You’re the one that should be bitching right now.” She turns around and pulls you close. “When we get there, let’s just take the chance to unwind, okay?” She wraps a hand in your hair and buries her head against your neck. “But you’re going to be just fine. One way or another, I’m keeping those monsters away from your crotch.”

Her firm breasts press against your own.

She pulls back, letting out a forced cough. “A-anyway. We’re going to your home. Maybe you’ll stay there, maybe not. But let’s get somewhere safe before trying to make any more plans.” Shizuha steps forward, then stops.

“By the way, where is your house?”

“This way.” You lead her down the street. You turn from the wider boulevard through a humble artisan’s square. You’re not especially familiar with the wealthier parts of the village, but you know the general direction. Soon you’re back into the market thoroughfare and from here, it’s easy.

Then, just as you pass into a quiet neighborhood, someone’s hands press hard into your shoulders. You turn to look, only for a pair of thighs to land on your shoulders. And for a soft mound to press against your hair, separated only by a strip of soft linen. The mere texture sends a quiet shiver down your body.

“What’s up, girl?”

That voice… No, that’s impossible. That’s impossible on so many goddamn levels. Still, you look up. A curtain of black hair greets you, and a face you’ve seen once today.

Ayame?

She never talks like that, and she sure as hell was never as rambunctious as you. She was never the kind to touch people either, much less ride on their shoulders. That was more Kaori and Youta. On top of all of that, she was damn busy last you talked.

A grand total of two days ago.

But still, that’s obviously her voice, and her face. She wasn’t possessed, was she? Impossible. The book would have had to make that journey in less than an hour, then return almost instantaneously. Besides, she hasn’t degraded Shizuha yet.

“What the hell, Ayame? You were praying to me less than an hour ago.”

Your legs squirm. Not from Ayame’s weight, as she’s surprisingly light. But rather from the inexplicable, growing heat in your belly. A need’s building within you, and you haven’t a clue why. One of Ayame’s thighs flips over your head, and she rolls off your shoulders. Landing gracefully, she stands back up. Her skirt’s quite a bit shorter than it usually is, going barely halfway down her thighs. Probably why you felt her, well…

“Aw, c’mon. I was really worried, so I decided to check on you myself.”

She speaks nothing like your older sister. Confused, you turn to face both her and Shizuha.

“What, you’re not jealous, are you?”

Shizuha just cocks an eyebrow.

“What the hell would I be jealous of? Are you planning to actually worship Naoko?” She grins. “I mean, you might as well, really. You certainly fixate on her enough.”

“What? No. Nothing like that.” Ayame puffs out her chest. It’s not titanic, but it’s big. Always was. “But maybe I’ll marry her before you do.”

That was a joke, clearly. But she sounded like a part of her meant it. This is getting weird, fast.

Your sister’s not a youkai, is she? There are certain types of youkai who can be siblings to humans, but you doubt she could be any of them.

“You’re going to marry your sister?” Shizuha scoffs. “Very funny.”

Something about that statement surprises Ayame. Did she expect a stronger reaction?

Regardless, she laughs it off. “Yeah, bad joke.” She turns to you. “Hey, sis. I’ve got something I need to tell you. Super private. Could you come with me, for a sec?”

Without waiting for a response, she grabs your wrist and drags you through the street.

“Hey!”

“Five minutes, I swear!” Turning a corner, Ayame scoops you into her arms and takes off. Skimming just above the ground, she weaves around pedestrians like a graceful bird.

Ayame’s a pretty decent priestess, who even holds a couple spell cards, but she never learned to fly.

She twists and turns too fast for you to keep track of location. After one last turn, she sets you down in front of your house. You’re… not quite sure you want to know how she knew where it is.

“Key.” Without thinking, you hand it over. She unlocks the door and slips inside, pulling you with her.

She closes and locks the door. She lets out a heavy sigh and sits against it. The house is pretty much still the same small, sparsely decorated home you’ve spent the past year in. Still the same as you left it a few hours ago, minus the set of clothes you’re now wearing. Though you realize you forgot the clothes you wore this morning somewhere. Not that you’d have much use for them anymore.

“So, uh… Sorry about that whole mess. And I’m, well, not your sister.”

“Then you’re a youkai.”

“Oh. Heh, heh. That.” Ayame rubs the back of her head. “You tend to get a bit leery around us, huh?”

“What do you want?”

“I just wanted to talk, honest. I’m not usually into girls, but I would totally do you.”

You look away, blushing. Your arms and legs quake. There’s something building up inside you. It feels… like magic, or what you think is magic. But creepier, more twisted.

“I- I’m sorry, that came out weird. I mean, I still would, but not, y’know. If you didn’t want to.” Ayame pauses. “Let me start over.” She squirms. “Wou- would you let me take you out on a date?”

“…What?” Is she seriously, unironically, asking for your consent? For a relatively non-sexual encounter? “I-”

Your legs give out. You throw your hands out to catch yourself. You’re body trembles, your heart pounds, and a trickle slides down your leg. Something slithers inside you. On all fours, you glance back to Ayame.

“Hey, are you okay?”

A thick, rubbery shaft of something pushes against your folds, from the inside. Ayame grips your shoulders. Belatedly, you realize your eyes went wide.

“H-hey. You’re gonna be fine, okay? Is there anything I can do?” 

“J-just don’t leave me, okay?” You force out through shuddering breaths.

“…You got it.”

“And pl-ea-ea-ease, please, sto-hrk-hop wearing my sister’s face.”

“Ah, of course.”

Ayame’s form shimmers and distorts, then fades to an indecipherable haze. The shaft pulses against you, sending a shock through your body. Your hands give out, dropping you to your elbows.

The haze clears, revealing an almost lanky young brunette with a great red bow on her head and a distinctive red dress.

“R-Reimu?” Admittedly, you don’t know much about her. But she’d become something of an icon to you all the same. A badass human who never had to run or hide from youkai, and could probably kick the shit out of any would-be molester. Keine was cool too, but ever since learning about her youkai side, your thoughts of her no longer held the same comfort.

“Reimu?” She looks at you. Then at herself. She scowls. “Whatever. I’m not your sister anymore. That’s good enough, right?”

She walks around to your side. Slipping one arm under you, near your breasts, she pulls you backward. Then, catching your butt with the other, she scoops you up into her arms. Carrying you a few short steps, she lowers you down to your futon. Is it just you, or is it getting a bit stuffy in here?

“Uh, how are you feeling, Naoko? You look kind of hot.”

Straining just to move your neck, you glance down your body. Your kimono sticks tight to your body, dripping in sweat. The tremors have died down for now, but your muscles are too sore to move again.

“I guess I’m a bit warm.”

Reimu leans over you. You glance away, too embarrassed to stare at the valley between her firm breasts. It feels almost… sacrilegious to gaze lewdly at an icon of immunity to such intentions.

If only it was the real Reimu.

She lifts your ass off the ground and fiddles with your obi.

“What are you doing?”

“Getting your clothes off. You’re drenching them.”

Reimu finishes untying it. She slides it off and parts your kimono. She slides a hand down your now slick stomach. She gulps.

“Uh, sorry. About this. H-how are you feeling?”

Still twitching, you bite out a few words. “Be-etter, I think. I n-ghk!” The shaft moves again, starting a slow rhythm against the depths of your pussy. Your legs twist, bumping against Reimu’s side. “I ne-e-e-eed you t-” You gasp, set off by a precision strike to your sweet spot. Your back arches slightly.

“Need me to what?” Confusion and panic rise on her face.

“My v-ah! V-ulp!” Broken, incoherent syllables pour out of your mouth, soaring in pitch and intensity.

Reimu throws her gaze across your body. “Screw it.” She says, as she pulls your kimono wide open. She hauls one of your arms out of the sleeve, takes a glance at it, then lets go. She pulls the other out, to similar disappointment. She hurls your sandals off, before turning to your breasts.

She freezes. Then slaps herself. She throws herself over your torso. Hands shaking, she grips the band between the cups. She closes her eyes and shoves it up. Back where it was when Kosuzu…

She peeks an eye open, growing furiously red.

“I… how creepy would it be to call you beautiful, right now? Or talk about how gorgeous your tits are?”

“A l-eep!” A part of the shaft sucks on a segment of your walls. There’s something else happening inside you. It feels like some sort of pollution crawling through your body.

“Right, right. Focus. Sorry.” Reimu once more casts her eyes across your body. She slides beside you to lift one side up. She sets you back down. Then she turns her gaze to your crotch. Wordlessly, she points at it. She looks at you, questioning.

You force out a curt nod.

She slides her hands to your hips. She grips the waistband.

“Seriously, are you… okay with this?”

You force another nod.

“Okay…”

She pulls the band. The panties slide down your hips. Passing over your knees, they travel down your shins to your ankles. Reimu pulls them off.

Red and shaking, she turns back to you, dragging her eyes to your pussy. She crawls over your legs, planting her hands by your hips. She stares.

She snaps her gaze back to you.

“Seriously, I can’t find anything wrong.”

The shaft settles again. You take a few shaking breaths, as deep as you can.

“I-it’s inside! In there. In my pu-urgh-my pussy.”

“Really?”

“Yes! Pl-eek!” The shaft inflates, stretching your walls with its new girth.

Reimu returns to staring at your crotch, she lowers her head to it.

“…You smell kinda nice, you know.” Reimu slips two fingers inside. She pulls them apart, pushing your entrance open.

You squirm, but the sensation of her fingers against your folds is minor. At least when compared to the hard shaft still stretching you further in.

“Hey, I think I…” Reimu stares hard at your pussy. “There!” She readies her other hand, a finger pointed outward.

The shaft pulses. Your hips jerk upward, knocking her finger away. She angles it for another go, only for another pulse to drop them.

“Hold still!”

The shaft pulses harder and faster, pounding your walls with it’s fury. Something smooth and round wraps itself tight around one thigh. Another one wraps around your other thigh. They hold your legs tight, elevating your crotch just slightly. Presenting it to Reimu.

And the fact that you can’t even see these things, makes it look like you’re the one spreading your legs.

You jerk and twitch, but your crotch remains constant. More or less.

Reimu extends two fingers inside, probing you. They bump against the shaft. She grips it, as tight as she can. Fluid’s filling you, just as the shaft undulates, now pressing against your walls in waves.

“Hyaa!” You can’t help but scream. You’d clap your hands over your mouth, if you could move them.

“C’mon, you bastard. Whatever you are, I’m pulling you out of my girlfriend!” Reimu stammers. “I- I mean, prospective girlfriend. Shit, does that still sound presumptuous?”

A steady trickle drips from your folds.

She gives it a hard yank, only for it to pull back in, pressing against your walls on the way. Your breath hitches.

“Stop hiding!” Reimu reaches in again, only for the shaft shove its way back out. It pounds her hand away, it’s head breaking free to rest against the lips.

“Ha!” Reimu grips the tip. She yanks at it. It resists.

The shaft pulls toward its head, leaving your core. It bunches up, almost leaving you completely.

It forces itself back down your channel. Smashing through you. It once more grows fat as it pumps in and out, pounding your walls.

Spittle flies out as your head and body jerk to its rhythm.

“You know what? Screw this.” Reimu pulls back.

Then Reimu’s teeth sink into it, her lips pressed against your crotch. The shaft freezes, and your body follows suit. Moisture builds on her chin, seeping out from your pussy. For a moment, it seems as if you’re caught in a standstill. With a demon tentacle.

Not even a tentacle monster, but a single tentacle.

Fluid continues to trickle from your crotch. Reimu plants her hands against your thighs. Digging her palms in, she tries to pull herself away. The tentacle pulls back, dragging Reimu’s nose against your crotch.

Reimu twists her head to the side, still tugging. She lets out a muffled grunt. Then a growl. Then something forces your thighs together, smashing Reimu’s hands against the sides of her head.

“RRGH!” She lets out a muffled, angry scream.

“Aagh!” The tentacle swells again, forcing your walls wide open to accommodate its excruciating girth.

It stretches out, pushing Reimu’s head a short distance away from your crotch. It pounds its way back inside you, pressing deep. Even amid the pain, a familiar haze returns. Reimu’s head slams against you, only for the tentacle to drag it back away.

Hauling your head up, just a bit, you catch a clear fluid leaking from the sides of Reimu’s mouth. Is that drool, or is this thing feeding her something? The fluid leaking from your own orifice has built almost to a slow pour now.

The tentacle hammers at your core, pounding harder and harder. A need builds, feeding the fire as your body now quakes in earnest. Squeaks and groans escape your lips even as your pussy screams in pain.

Reimu’s head no longer slams against you, instead seemingly sliding along the dark cock on its own accord. Then it hits.

Your thighs tremble, your heart clenches. Nothing. The pounding continues. Your pussy still leaks, your muscles still quake, and perverted moans still emit from your tongue. But the heat, the need, only builds.

Reimu’s lips pull back. A curt thud sounds out as something thin and sharp jabs the tentacle. Another hit lands, followed by another. Soon, a long, steady series of staccato jabs land against the tentacle.

They build in power and fury as they hammer away. The shaft vibrates against you. Finally, there’s a crack. Reimu’s head pulls away from your crotch, taking half the shaft with it. With a wet thump, she spits it out. She hacks out a few ragged coughs, as your thighs snap completely shut, squeezing your poor, abused pussy even tighter against the invader.

Pain wars with need as your pussy screams for release, one way or another. Finding one last reservoir of strength, you drag your shaking hands to your crotch. Just as they arrive, the shaft grows once more. It extends out, rigid and fat, complete with that flared tip you’ve seen before.

On Kosuzu’s tongue.

It thrums with need, even as it stretches you out. Reimu turns back to you.

“W-What the hell! I just ripped you out!”

Reimu steps back over to you. Dropping into a crouch, she wraps her hands around the shaft, sending a shock of pleasure through you, as the cock thrums in response.

She latches on and yanks.

You scream. Pain blasts through you as the cock threatens to take your pussy with it. Reimu stops. The cock twitches as two dull thunks sound. Squeezing tight around the cock, she heaves.

For a moment, there’s nothing but the sensation of that cock yanking on your walls. Then blinding pain.

After a moment, the pain fades. Your voice dies down, easing your now strained throat. You must have been screaming. Your pussy’s still throbbing and sore, but mercifully vacant. There’s a wide, sticky pool beneath your crotch, with a light trickle still dropping from your folds.

At least it’s not blood.

Then a wet, but heavy squish. The creeping sense of filth evaporates, and your thighs slide apart. The burning need drops to a quiet urge.

“Finally.” Reimu sighs.

You let out a shaky, relieved breath. Idly, you glance out the window. The sun’s not quite setting, but its close.

“That was one persistent bastard.”

You freeze. You’ve never heard that voice before. It’s smooth, but playful. Someone steps over to kneel beside you. Short and wild black hair framing a mischievous face. She wears a very short, but simple black dress. And…

You flinch. And try not to scream again. She has three red curvy… scythe things sprouting from one side of her back. From the other is a trio of blue, arrow-tipped… tentacles? And there’s a weird, green snake on her wrist.

You’ve never seen someone look just so… ‘youkai’ before.

“Name’s Nue. Sorry about, well, everything. I guess. Hey, you wanna…”

A knock on the door.

“Just a second.” Nue hops up and walks to the door.

Straining, you lift yourself just high enough to see it over your breasts. There’s a little hole in the back of her dress for those… things. Nue unlocks the door and opens it a crack. There’s a short, muttered exchange. She jumps.

Nue opens the door. Striding through, wearing the same brown hat and jacket ensemble she had before, is Aya. She glances around, before fixing her gaze on you.

She visibly blushes, but shakes her head. She looks away.

Nue returns to your side.

“Ms. Honda, you need to leave. Now.”

“What? Why?”

Nue slides her hands along your arm. “Hey, can you move?” You try to lift your arm. It shakes, but it does lift off the ground. A little. “Crap.”

“No time for details.” She glances out the window. “Let’s just say you made the right call, about your story. Someone’s been possessed, and she’s on her way. I can’t afford to get in a fight with her right now, and you don’t want to be around when she comes.”

“…Who? Does she know where I live?”

“She knows where you are, and…” Aya looks you over. “I don’t think you’re in any condition to fight her.”

Nue massages your belly. “Do you think anything’s broken?”

You lift your head on your elbows. Your muscles scream in protest, but the bones seem fine. “I don’t think so.”

Nue sighs. “Good enough, I suppose.”

“Hey, I s-”

The door slams open.

“What the hell is this?” Shizuha stands just behind Aya. “And who the hell are you?” She marches toward you. She kicks Nue off.

“Hey!”

“Who is she, and just what did she do to you?”

“I didn’t do anything!”

Shaking, you look back to Aya.

“Who’s been possessed?”

Aya glances at Shizuha, before returning to you. “Someone powerful. Please, let me handle the details.”

“Who are you talking about?”

“The black book’s new puppet.”

Shizuha freezes.

“Heading here. Right now.”

Nue leaps to your other side, now across from Shizuha. She slides your bra back over your breasts. “Hey, Naoko’s girlfriend, wanna get her panties?”

“What? I am not-!”

“Yeah, yeah. You gonna dress her or do I have to?”

Shizuha grumbles, but moves down to your legs.

“A-hem!” Aya glares at Nue. “Are you going to get her out of here, or do I have to drag her out myself?”

“…Where would I go?”

“Good question. I can’t speak for everyone, but the Moriya Shrine is far away, reasonably well protected and-”

“And on what is literally called ‘Youkai Mountain.’” Shizuha all but seethes. “No thank you.”

“A lot of the youkai don’t particularly like the shrine. There wouldn’t be too many undesirable visitors.”

“And what happens when the gods find out about her aura? You think they won’t find a way to exploit her?”

“Uh, hey. If shady gods are a problem, what about Byakuren’s temple. She’s nice, honest, and good at protecting people.”

“Even worse! The entire temple is crawling with youkai! It’d be an orgy in minutes!”

“Orgy?” Nue looks genuinely confused. “Why would it…”

Shizuha groans. “If she’s going anywhere, it’s to the Taoists’ place. Wherever that is. We just need to find one of them and convince them to let us in.”

A thought occurs to you. A part of you’s too scared to say it, but if it helps the village…

“If I’m all she wants, maybe it’d be better if…”

“I swear to Aki, Naoko. I will tie you up, gag you, and haul you off myself, if you finish that sentence.”

Aya glances at you, before turning away to study the window. “She'll be easier to bargain with if she doesn’t already have what she wants.”

“…Perhaps the Land of Rear Doors?” At least you can’t be cornered there, right?

“Land of Rear Doors?” Aya puts a finger to her chin. “That could work… if I still had my own back door.”

“Uh, hey, the land of what?”

“Rear Doors. I did a story on it just after the four seasons incident. It’s sort of like a giant intersection to every place in Gensokyo. Not the easiest place for a simple human to try and live. But in this girl’s case, it might be a step up from the alternative.”

Shizuha grumbles as she slides your panties back up your leg. “And how many youkai live there?”

“I’m not sure that any youkai live there. The only people I encountered were the local goddess and her servants.”

“Goddess.” Shizuha repeats.

“Yes. Okina Matara. Goddess of secrets or something.”

Shizuha snaps your underwear pack into position. “But nothing else?”

“Nothing I know of.”

“Fine. Land of Rear Doors it is. Just tell me how to get there.”

“Sorry, I lost my only ticket back in.” Aya flicks her head to the side. “Crap. Gotta go.” Aya turns back to you, pulling a small wallet out of her shorts. She places it on your belly. “Here’s a sort of… parting gift. Promise you won’t lose it, and you won’t open it near anyone else, okay?”

“…Okay?”

“Good. Now, Shizuha, Naoko. If you want to try and get there, you should look for somewhere Okina’s been operating recently and hope she left one behind.”

Aya leaps backward and slips through your door. Heavy footsteps echo in the distance. Nue peeks her head out your window, those… things splaying out behind her. She turns back to you.

“Hey uh, Naoko? Shizuha? We gotta go.”

“Right.” Shizuha starts working your arms back into the sleeves. Straining, you shift your arm slightly toward the hole.

Nue pushes Shizuha aside. She grabs one side of your kimono and pulls it across your body. She pulls the opposite side across. She pulls both sides tight, pinning your arms to your sides, and the wallet to your waist. Grabbing your obi with one hand, she lifts your waist with the other. Slipping the obi underneath, she pulls it up and around, tying it across your stomach.

“…What the hell are your doing?”

Slipping her arms beneath your upper back and your knees, Nue heaves you up. And extends her arms out.

“Here you go.” You fall into another pair of arms.

“I’ll buy you guys some time, if Naoko promises a date when she gets back.”

“She’s not coming ba-”

“I’ll do it.” She’s already saved your ass once, and you kind of want to know how a youkai shows her affection when she’s not about to force herself on you. If you can just get over her extra bits.

“Sweet! Trust me, this monster will be ancient history by the time you’re back.”

Nue takes off, her form shifting just before she leaves your sight.

Shizuha rocks you from side to side, pressing your face and knees against her breasts. She settles your body against herself, all but burying you in the soft fabric of her dress. She steps toward the door. She peeks around the corner, then jogs out and into the street. Dodging through back streets, she leads you toward the edge of the village.

Skirting around the still-bustling markets, Shizuha glances at the walls. She leaps up, reaching at least double your body’s height and clearing the wall. With a quiet whump, she lands on the other side.

“So, genius, what’s your master plan now?”

You… never quite thought it through this far. You’d kind of spit-balled that name, not necessarily expecting anyone to go along with it. It sounds wonderful: no youkai, and numerous exits, so you’re never cornered. But as to how you’d get there…

“…the Hakurei shrine, maybe?”

“The Hakurei shrine.”

“There’s always a party there when the incidents end, right?”

“That one was at least a year ago.”

“Oh.”

“So, we’re back where…” Shizuha trails off. Amid the cricket cries of sunset, a gentle, melodious voice wafts through the air.

“There she is!” A guard cries from the wall.

Shizuha takes off, surging toward the woods. She flies close to the ground. Odd.

Kogasa did something similar. And come to think of it, so did Ayame… no, Nue. Maybe you should ask someone about that, next time you catch a break.

The singing grows loud enough for you to make out some of the words.

“When first I heard your voice, I knew I had no choice~ My love is far too much to tame~”

And it’s apparently a cliché love song.

“Your kind, lovely voice, still makes my heart rejoice~”

Light drains from around you as Shizuha plunges deep into the woods. The sound of crickets fades, replaced by calls and cries from insects you’ve never heard before.

“When first the passion came, I lost all sense of shame~”

That… sounds uncomfortably familiar.

Shizuha stops to lean against a tree.

“Land of Rear Doors… How the hell do we get there?”

“You!”

A finger jabs at you, attached to slender body, in a light blouse and dark, poofy shorts. A bowl of green hair frames her glaring face. There’s… something on her back, probably. Maybe a cape of some kind?

“Your damn siblings can’t stop me now!”

The song grows a touch louder. Is the singer moving toward you?

“Though I never won your game, please tell me your name~”

“…Who are you?” There is something familiar about her. But just barely. Like a neighbor who needed help once. Or one you caught trying to swipe something.

“Wriggle Nightbug! We met behind your house, but those bastards tore us apart! And you never came back!”

The girl reaches out to grab you. Shizuha jerks away. The girl throws herself at you, crashing against both of you. She wraps her arms around you and tugs.

“Let me go!”

“No, goddamnit! You belong with me!”

A thump. Shizuha shakes but holds firm. The girl trips backward but refuses to let go. You crash into her flat chest, as Shizuha falls on top of you. For one peaceful moment, they both let go.

The girl’s hands shoot back around you, but Shizuha shoves them away. Shizuha pushes you away, and you tumble into the leaves of the forest floor. The girl twists toward you, but Shizuha yanks her back.

“Run, Naoko. I’ve got her.”

The singing grows louder. And clearer. The singer is moving toward you. With Shizuha distracted, you’ve got no one left to protect you. Slowly, you heave yourself into a sitting position. Your hands are still tangled in your mis-tied dress, but you don’t have time to try to correct it. Instead, you lean forward, press your feet beneath you, and drag yourself upright.

“I hope it’s not too crass, how much I need your ass~”

Your legs shake, your body wobbles, and your muscles whine. But you’re upright.

You take a few shaking steps back. That girl lunges toward you, but Shizuha tackles her. Something stirs in the near-black air around you. With four awkward steps, you swivel around, looking deeper into the forest. You plant one foot forward, then the other. You shamble into the darkness.

You trample through soft, wet leaves as you march through the woods, traveling as fast as your weary legs can carry you.

“Please, don’t make me act like a whore~”

Long, winding branches hang just above your head, covered in old and rough bark. It feels like you’ve done all this before.

“It's too lovely a mass, to ever let it pass~”

You glance behind you. You see nothing but the darkened trees immediately near you. Everything else is black. If you just had use of your arms, you might use the nearby trees as leverage. Still, you force your sluggish body forward.

“We’ll join ‘till you’re sore, and you can’t stand anymore~”

Scattered webs enter your view, perched in the corners where branches meet their trees’ trunks.

“Oh, we’ll fuck again and again~”

You look back again, to find a pair of fluffy ears on a mop of fluffy pink hair, and bizarre, brown wings spread wide. You’re too tired and worn to jump back. Instead, your foot catches on a root. Instantly, a pair of hands are wrapped around your back, long nails sliding against your bundled dress.

“You’ll beg for more, forgetting who you were before~” She sings into the crook of your neck.

Her hands guide you into her chest, depositing your chin between her heavy breasts.

“Do you like my song? It’s about us.”

“It’s a bit forward, isn’t it?” Like the way she’s pressing her tits against your cheeks.

She chirps.

“Of course not. We’re getting married, right?”

“Married?”

“Yes. You stood me up for a year! Don’t you remember? You promised!”

Did you? A year ago would be… that summer. Was she part of the onslaught? Did you do something weird to get away from her?

You know, most girls would ditch someone for pulling that. Why couldn’t she be one of those girls?

“Would it be too late to call the whole thing off?”

“Well, I guess. But then you’d have to be my mistress, and that’s just weird.”

“What the hell, Mystia!” That’s the girl from before.

Mystia looks back over her shoulder. “…Oh, hey, Wriggle. Uh… This is not what it looks like…”

“Urgh, that’s not why I’m mad! ‘Mistress’ is the opposite of what she’s supposed to be!”

“Different kind of mistress, Wriggle.”

“Still, you thought you’d have her all to yourself, didn’t you?”

“Uh, well…” Mystia’s arms press your face into her chest.

There’s a dramatic sigh. A floral perfume assaults your nose from the fabric of Mystia’s dress, as she buries your face in it. The might of her seemingly delicate hand threatens to smother you between her breasts.

“Whatever.” Wriggle grunts. “But you heard her. She doesn’t want to marry us, and you know what that means.”

“That’s too cruel! How could you do that to her?”

Your eyes flutter, as your muscles sag.

“Excuse me? She blue balled us for decades!”

“One year, Wriggle. It was one year. And besides, we don’t have balls.”

“Still.” Wriggle lets out a strangled sigh. “No. She said no. We’re going with my plan now.”

Their voices grow distant.

“But she didn’t actually say no yet, did she?”

“Well, no, bu…” Your mind trails off into oblivion.

Wet leaves rustle against your head, and the bare flesh of your ass and side. Coarse rope pins your wrists together, behind your back. You’re naked again, but your strength is back.

Pulling your torso upright, you glance around. You’re in some kind of clearing. Well-lit leaves extend out a few paces, before they plunge into impenetrable shadow. Aches and creaks makes themselves known across your body, but they’re manageable. Almost as an afterthought, you snap your thighs together, hopefully hiding your pussy.

Mystia and Wriggle are nowhere to be seen. Thank god.

Footsteps sound, rustling the leaves beneath them. A thick, but curvy figure steps out of the shadow. Like you, she’s completely nude. Full breasts and giant hips sway as she steps forward. A head of full, wavy hair. A face you’ve seen before…

It’s Masami. Masami Honda.

Your mother.

That forest between the thighs, that you’re staring at right now, belongs to your mother.

She turns and drops to her ass next to you.

“How was your day, Naoko?”

She slides her hands to your sides and pulls you into her lap. She’s still a bit taller than you. Hard nipples press into your back, as her pubic hair rustles against your bound hands.

You throw yourself forward, but her arms wrap around your belly and hold firm. Confused, you fall back into her, and fall back on old, old habits.

“I… made a new friend…”

“That’s good to hear. Is she taking care of you?”

“I… well, I lost her recently, but she’s been really helpful so far. I wish there was something I could do for her, though.”

“That’s good, but you should be more careful. Goddesses aren’t as safe for you as they seem.”

Goddess? When did you say that?

“I hear you’ve had some troubles lately, do you want to talk about it?”

“Troubles, like what?”

“They say some mean girls have been pushing you to do things you don’t want.”

“I… it’s fine. It’s under control.” You shut your eyes. Now’s not the time to break down. “I’ll get away from them soon.”

There’s a bright, clear blue sky through the window. You’re sitting at the dinner table now, your bare ass still resting on your mother’s thighs. The table’s bare, and the room is likewise deserted. No fire, utensils, dishes, tools, or anything.

Not even any sounds from outside.

Soft hands slide down your arms, rubbing them.

“You have a plan, right?”

“Of course. I just need to find the right door.”

“What sort of door are you looking for?”

“I’m… not sure. But I need to find one that leads to the realm of the rear door.”

“‘Realm of the Rear Door,’ hm?” She slides one hand across your belly, rubbing circles in it. “And how do you plan to find that door?”

“I… don’t know.”

She slides her hands beneath your breasts. “Well then, perhaps I can help.”

“Really?”

“Yes, but I’m afraid it will come at some cost. You see, I have a friend who knows the way in, but she won’t give that away for free.” She gives one breast a light bounce. “She’ll need something from you. Your name, your face, your humanity, or something like that.”

“…What does that even mean?”

“I’m afraid I don’t know. How badly do you want to access that realm?”

“I… I’d give… Nothing.”

A pressure tightens around a nipple as your… As ‘Masami’ pinches it.

“Life will be difficult for you without that help. You know that, right?”

“Yes. I… I know.” You can’t quite remember what happened to you before this, but you’re certain you were in peril. And yet… to give in to strange demands, from a strange woman, with only vague promises of help? No. Whatever trouble you faced before, you’re better off facing on your own. “But I’ll face it myself.”

For some reason, you don’t quite feel comfortable openly admitting you don’t trust her. Or her ‘friend’. You’re starting to wonder if they’re really different people.

“Well…” A pair of fingers closes around your other nipple, and Masami tugs at them. Your skin crawls at the feeling. “I won’t try to stop you, but I’m not sure when you’ll ever find help again. Are you really okay with that?”

“…I am.” More okay than giving what she wants, anyway.

Pain coils through your breasts, as Masami twists your nipples.

“Very well. But I’ll be watching.” With one last, painful twist, Masami lets go, and her hands return to cupping your breasts. It’s… technically an improvement.

“Why… why does that friend want to help?”

“She didn’t say. All I know is that you’ve managed to catch her attention.” Masami rubs circles around your areola.

“Why does she want those things?”

“Hm…” One hand slides down to your crotch, gently rubbing your pussy.

“Could you… could you not touch that? Please?”

A finger slips inside.

“H-how’s Shizuha? Is she okay?”

“Oh, she’s fine. But you… well… I hope you like chains…”

Birds chirp as the smell of grilled meat floats toward your nostrils. Your head throbs in pain, but you’re not quite sure from what. A soft cushion and warm sheets comfort you, but the way your nipples rub against them feels weird. You stir, only to feel metal dig into your wrists and rub against your crotch. Groaning, you open your eyes. You’re in a bedroom, with a short table to your right, and a chair in the corner. You twist your wrists, but they’re locked tight behind the headboard. Flipping your head back, you find a pair of metal bands chained together behind the wooden bars. A chain that's barely three links long.

You’re pretty sure that being chained to a stranger’s bed isn’t the worst position you’ve been in. Yet. The strange metal wrapped around your crotch might change that, though. Or the legs straddling your stomach. You look down your torso at the green-haired girl sitting on you, her black cape draped over your blanket. Her creepy antennae wiggle, and she pulls the blanket off your breasts.

Goosebumps crawl across the bare flesh of your breasts. You're naked under the sheets.

“Morning, bitch.” That voice is far too cheerful to have uttered that sentence.

Wriggle’s crotch pinches the blanket over your stomach, twisting it with each movement. She leans forward, planting her hands on your breasts to support her weight. She’s grinning, somewhere between playful and vindictive.

“Slept well?” She leans in close, two black antennae all but touching your face. She pulls back. “’Cause I did. Best sleep I’ve had in ages!” A grin breaks out across her face. “Hey, how ‘bout I give you a free preview of what you’re doing tonight?”

“No?”

Wriggle shrugs. “That’s cool. I don’t mind if you struggle.” Her grin grows. “That just makes it more fun.”

Something primal wells up within you. You can’t help it, and can’t resist what happens.

You scream.

“Hel-”

In a split-second, Wriggle’s leg flips over your body, turning her around. Your breath dies in your throat. Her ass looms over you, as a pair of shoes press against the sides of your face, draped over your arms. You try to pull yourself toward the headboard, but her feet prove stronger. Slowly, her ass sinks toward you. Darkness falls, as her black shorts blot out the light. Then it happens. Her ass-cheeks first press against your face, then sink to either side. You can feel the depression of her asshole through the shorts.

“Naturally, you’ll be eating this out ‘till your tongue falls off. But we still haven’t quite figured out where Mystia fits in.” Wriggle’s voice is muffled, but still understandable. She plants her hands on your breasts. “She wants to do something more ‘romantic’, but that’s gonna be kind of hard.”

The scent of denim and her ass fills your nose. You push upward, arcing your body for every ounce of strength you can muster. You push. But Wriggle’s just too goddamn heavy. You twist your body, hoping for some kind of leverage. Nothing.

Mercifully, Wriggle lifts her ass up. You take in a deep gulp of purer air.

“Thank y-”

Wriggle sits it back down, burying your face again. “Aw c’mon~ We can play around a little longer, right?”

You strain to breathe, as Wriggle’s ass dominates your lungs. At least you’re not forced to sniff directly from her asshole. Still, what you’d give for a moment of clean air. Her ass lifts back up again.

It stops a hair’s breadth from your face. It’s enough to breathe a bit easier, but you can’t see anything beyond the black-clad cheeks. For several excruciating moments, it just sits there. Her feet remain clamped to either side of your head; there’s still nothing you can do if she chooses to sit back down.

She stays still.

“Uh… Wriggle. P-please, I’ll do wh-”

Her ass buries you again, her asshole nearing your lips again.

“If I want you to do something, you’ll do it. Besides.” She lets out a quiet, surprisingly feminine moan. Her ass wiggles from side to side, carrying your face with it. “I doubt anything could feel better than this seat.”

Then she stops. Wriggle leans back, burying the entirety of your face beneath her ass-cheeks. Your lungs strain, but barely anything makes it through the barrier of denim and flesh, pressed against your nose and mouth. It feels as if, for this moment, your entire world is just Wriggle’s taut, but suffocating ass.

Then, in a move that squeezes her ass-cheeks around your face, Wriggle hops off the bed. Gripping the edge of your blanket, she yanks it off. You shudder in the suddenly-cold morning air. Wriggle crawls back onto the bed, to sit between your legs. Gripping each by the thigh, she hefts them up. Revealing a metal ‘T’ shape wrapped around your crotch, with some sort of grill in front of your pussy.

The vision of your otherwise utter nudity doesn’t surprise you anymore.

“What do you think?”

You stare at your own crotch, as blood rushes to your head.

“…What is it?”

Wriggle sets your thighs back down, beaming with pride and… something else. Sadism, probably.

“A chastity belt. Now you don’t get to cum unless I allow you. And hey, check this out.” Wriggle fishes through a pocket, then pulls out a small, pink block with a couple knobs on it. She pushes a button.

Something vibrates inside you. It pushes against your flesh with a light thrum, just behind the ‘belt’. You can’t help but squirm a little, but it doesn’t do much.

Wriggle giggles, in a way that’s somehow menacing. She pushes the button again, and the vibrations stop.

“By the time I’m done, you’ll be begging me to fuck you. Just like I would have, had you even given me the chance.”

“Breakfast is ready! Wriggle, bring her over!”

Wriggle shrugs and hops back off. Leaning over you, she fiddles with the bands. There’s a click, and one opens.

You try to bolt out and away from Wriggle, only for her to catch you by the wrist and pull you back. Grabbing the empty shackle, she yanks. Thrown off-balance, you tumble off the bed, held up by your still-bound wrist. Stumbling to your feet, you stagger forward as she opens the door and drags you through it.

You should use your free hand to find something to fight back or escape with. Instead you use it to hide your pussy, and the short hairs now growing near it. You squirm as she drags your naked ass toward Mystia.

There’s a plate of rice and some kind of meat on the table. Mystia stands next to it, beaming.

“Sit her down.”

“Yes, ma’am.” Wriggle hauls you to a chair. She shoves you onto it and pulls one arm through the bars at the edge of the seat’s back. Then, pulling the other arm through the opposite gap, she snaps the cuff back around your wrist, binding your wrists behind you again. The angle bends your arms such that the entirety of your forearms are trapped behind the bars. And you’re forced forward at an angle that exhibits your breasts to your captors.

You give the restraints a light, experimental tug, too intimidated by her earlier aggression to do anything more… obstinate.

“Welp, I’m done here.” Wriggle takes a plate and returns to what must be the bedroom.

“Hey! Don’t make a mess.”

“Wouldn’t dream of it.” The door closes.

“Honestly. If I hadn’t needed her help…”

You glance at the plate in front of you. You lean forward, twisting your arms. You can’t reach the plate. Is this a cruel joke?

“Oh, sorry!” Mystia leans in front of you, using a fork to pick out a piece of meat. She raises it to your lips. “Say ‘ahhh’…”

Biting back frustration, you open your mouth.

She extends the fork, and you clamp down. She pulls the fork back, and you chew. It’s not too bad. Weirdly sweet and a bit bland, but not bad.

“I’m sorry about the handcuffs, but Wriggle’s just so convinced you’ll run away.” Mystia readies another fork, this time including some rice. Obediently, you open back up. Your dry mouth can wait. Mystia slips a hand under your chin as she glides the food in. You take the bite.

“You said you loved me, you know. Why’d you leave?”

You take your time to chew. You need an answer that doesn’t piss her off, but also doesn’t promise too much. Not until you know what will or won’t bite you in the ass. You decide on something partly true.

“I was just… confused.” You start. Some thought or feeling flits across Mystia’s face. “Everything happened so fast. By the time you came, I barely knew who I was.” Technically true. You ran through dozens of theories as to why every youkai around suddenly wanted to fuck you. At one point you figured you must have actually been a youkai. “I’m sorry.” Sorry you got caught, that is. You still put on as contrite and sorrowful a face as you can muster.

Mystia’s face melts. She rushes toward you and throws her arms through the bars to hug you. “It’s okay. We’re together now, and we can finally do everything we promised!”

That puts a pit in your stomach. After a year of memories you wished to forget, you suddenly wish you had perfect memory. Just what the hell did you promise her?

“Well, we can’t do the chocolate tonight, but maybe the pet-play?”

…What the hell is that?

“Oh! You’re probably thirsty too.” Mystia rushes off. Your plate’s barely started. Mystia returns with a clay cup. She extends it to you. “Actually…” She pulls it back. “I’ve got a better idea.”

At just that moment, you feel a click. That thrum starts back up. That… thing vibrates against your walls again.

Mystia raises the cup to her own lips and takes a drink. Grinning, she sets the cup next to your plate and turns to you. She swings a leg over your lap and straddles you. Your legs squirm at the vibrations between them. Sliding her arms behind your head, she leans in and presses her lips to yours.

For a moment, nothing happens. Then Mystia grunts. You part your lips. A sweet, tangy fluid pours down your mouth, and drips down your chin. Fruit juice, but not a fruit you’re familiar with. It’s a welcome relief to your throat, at least. A hard pulse beats against your walls, jolting you and spilling some of the juice down your chin and breasts. Mystia pulls back to take another swig.

She leans back in for another ‘drink’. The vibrations cease. You open up. Just as the first drops slide down your tongue, another hard pulse hits you. You jerk, pushing Mystia back and spilling more of the juice down your bare chest. Mystia takes another gulp and goes right back in, undeterred.

You swallow almost all of it, but her tongue follows. You lock up. You can’t bring yourself to play to this. Mystia pulls back.

Mystia buries her face in your shoulder. “It’s okay. You’re a bit confused right now. I just love you so, so much.”

“You don’t know the first thing about me.”

“That’s not true… Your name is Naoko, you helped check the crops in the morning, but by evening, you’d either play card games with your sisters, or throw a ball with your brothers. You’re a C-cup with a plump ass and…”

“…About who I am.”

“We’ll figure out together.”

Three hard pulses hit your walls. Then it hits a constant thrum, much, much harder than before.

Mystia leans back from you, as a tremor rocks your body. She pops the top button off her dress. She looks at you, bashful. “Do you… do you still feel that way I…”

You open your mouth to respond, just as a ring falls between you and her, held aloft by a pair of metal brackets, each fixed to a leather strap. Before you can speak, it’s jammed between your teeth and latched up behind your head.

“Bweh?”

Your tongue lolls just beyond your jaw, now held wide open by that ring. The brackets pull at the sides of your lips. The vibrations ease to a low hum.

“Hey! We were having a serious discussion, Wriggle!” Mystia steps off your lap.

While they’re talking, you lean forward, straining against the chair.

“Yeah, about sappy shit. Now are you gonna help me train her or not?”

You have no hope in breaking the cuffs on your wrists, but maybe you could snap the wood?

“She doesn’t need to be trained!”

You pound your forearms against the bars, to no avail.

“Mystia, do you even know what a sex slave is?”

“Hweh?” You can’t hide your alarm at that remark. Small beads of sweat form on your skin.

“Shh, girl. Your fiancés are talking.”

Sex slave? Spittle flies from your mouth, as you make one last, desperate heave against the chair.

“Fiancé? Are you kidding me? You still seriously think she’ll even consider fulfilling her marital duties?”

You sag in defeat, staring down your moistened breasts. Saliva trails from your chin, to your bare breasts, down your naval. Small shivers still climb up and down your body, caused by hum inside your pussy.

“If you’d been listening, she’s already all but confessed her love!”

Wait, you did what? When?

“Anyway, take that horrible gag away.”

“You sure you want me to?”

Mystia hesitates. “Why wouldn’t I?”

A hand wraps around your chin. It forcibly angles your face to Mystia’s.

“’Cause I could’ve sworn there was something you really wanted to with these lips.”

“I…” Mystia looks down at you. Well, more leers than looks. “I shouldn’t. You know I shouldn’t. I should just wait…” She glances at Wriggle. “Just this once. And only for a moment.”

Mystia pops every button off her the top half dress in record time. She’s flushed, breathing heavy, and licking her lips. She's shaking but doesn't even slow down. The blouse is half-undone before you notice, both sagging on one side to the deep red of her bra, and the breast it supports. She pops the cup up, exposing her pendulous breast. She leans forward. Wriggle’s hand forces your gaze a bit lower. A single, swollen, brown nipple slides through the ring. Her heavy flesh sealing the hole. The nipple slides against your tongue.

“Ohh… Oh, Honda. We are so going to do this every day.”

“Which is why we should just keep her as a sex slave.”

“But that was not. The. Deal.”

Whack! Your ass burns from the force of Wriggle’s slap. Mystia’s hands fly around the back of your head, keeping your lips on her breast. Her rock-hard nipple slides along your tongue.

“Come on, Mystia! She stood you up. Left you cold and alone. Besides, why do you even want to marry her when you could just fuck her?”

“I…” Mystia nudges your head, trying to force her breast deeper inside. “It’s love, Wriggle. You wouldn’t understand.”

“Love, huh? And if she doesn’t want to fuck you? Would you love her enough to leave her alone?”

“I don’t know! Maybe?”

“And besides, don’t you have work today? Do you really think you can take her with you?”

“I’ll work something out! Now let her speak, so she can prove she still loves me.”

“Fine.”

Wriggle circles around in front of you and pushes Mystia to the side, finally freeing your tongue from her breast. You’d try to cleanse your mouth, if you could move it. She slides her hands behind your head, leaning in close. Quietly, she speaks.

“You and I are going to have a lot of… fun, if she or I find out you lied today.” She leans back and speaks louder. “Actually, I don’t think she really needs to speak. So, girl. You love her or not. Just nod your head to say yes, or shake it to say no.”

Mystia stares at you, hiding nervous shivers behind a bright, but plastered-on smile. Wriggle looks more… eager. Like she’s just waiting for you to fuck up.

Could you possibly do it? Pretend to not only like, but love the woman who’ll rape you? And keep up that charade for who knows how long? Could you possibly say no, knowing your fate may be even worse?

“Oh, don’t forget. You’re not just marrying her. If Mystia gets you as a bride, then so do I. Aren’t you such a lucky girl?”

A part of you really wants to just kick her. Groin, stomach, legs, wherever. It’s a stupid, stupid idea, but this might just be your only chance to wipe that grin off her face. There’s no way it’d be worth her retaliation, is there? 

You nod, disrupting the saliva flow from your locked-open maw. Goddamnit. Mystia’s face lights up like a star, as her wings fan out. She pops the cup of her bra back over her breast, but leaves her dress and blouse sagging open.

Her smile’s nice, but if you’re doing this, you need some protection from the green sadist. And since you can’t speak, you do the only thing you can think of. Hauling one naked leg up, you pound it into Wriggle’s gut. Amazingly, she actually stumbles backward.

“You piece of sh-!”

Mystia leaps forward, knocking Wriggle aside as she buries her tongue behind your locked teeth. She drapes a hand behind your head, and another around your back. Her tongue drifts between your lips, sliding against your own and taking brief tastes across the sides of your mouth. Like she’s testing the waters. She pushes her tongue underneath yours, then sweeps it back over.

She pulls back, licking her lips. You suck a breath in, through jaws still locked wide open.

Mystia hops back and circles behind you. Wriggle rubs her stomach, muttering under her breath. She grabs a fat, white stick of some sort, with a black cap. Looming over you, she extends it toward your forehead. You swing your leg back for another kick, only for her to catch it with her foot.

“Don’t hurt her, Wriggle.” Mystia fiddles with your cuffs.

“Yeah, yeah.” She pops the cap off, revealing a very short black brush at the end, and presses it against your face. You wince as she rubs it against your forehead, moving it in squiggly lines for a few moments. When she pulls back, you open your eyes to catch her bringing it down to your lower belly.

You squirm helplessly as Wriggle scribbles something just above the belt, just before a cuff snaps open. Wriggle bounces back and walks away. You pull your wrists out from the chair, as Mystia circles back around. She takes one look at Wriggle’s handiwork.

“Wriggle!”

“Just leaving her a few… reminders.”

Mystia groans in frustration. She turns to you and stretches out her hand. Hesitant, you accept, and she helps pull you upright.

“C’mon, Naoko.” Mystia wraps her arm around your shoulder, her almost bare breast against your side. She leads you back to the bedroom. Your heart pounds and your fingers twitch. She’ll probably expect you to do it with her. Enthusiastically. Like you want her inside you, or to be inside her. You’ve been through a lot, but that… What’ll happen when she finds out you lied? Will she tell Wriggle?

A hand snaps around your free wrist and drags it behind your back, snapping the cuff back on it before you can act. You throw your gaze behind you, to find Wriggle slipping a key down her shorts.

“Iheea. Ieh. Eeuh,” you blurt out, trying to force words through the ring.

Mystia opens the door and turns back to you. “Oh. Heh, heh, sorry. Gimme just a sec, okay?”

She leads you to the bed and sits you down on it, then plops down beside you and starts working the straps to your gag. Her wings encircle you, not quite touching your skin. With a clack, the clasp is undone, and she pulls it loose. Then, leaning against you, she pulls the straps away from your head and pops the ring out of your mouth. She pulls it back to herself as you exercise your jaw. It’s already a bit sore.

Then Mystia wraps her arms around you and throws you into the mattress, wrapping her body and wings around you.

“Oh, this is a dream come true!” She nuzzles into your shoulder. “It’s finally happened! After that long, cold year, you’re finally here, where you belong!” She plants a quick, soft kiss on your neck.

A click. The vibrations start again, having stopped at some point during the chaos. Your breath hitches, but you manage to keep from letting anything more embarrassing out.

“So, where do you want to go first?”

“Go? For what?”

Mystia swats your thigh. “For our date, silly. We can’t just get married without going on at least one, right?”

Date. Of course. Just what y- hrk. A bead of moisture trickles out from behind the belt. No. You could use this. If you play your cards just right, you could hold off on actual sex until afterward, right?

“So, where do you want to go?”

“I…” There’s only one place you want to be right now. But there’s a much worse monster waiting there. You clamp your legs together, fighting the urge to rub them against one another as the heat builds.

The vibrations die back down. Wriggle’s playing with you. Taunting you. You need to get the hell out of here before she breaks you down. If you could just yank that thing out of your…

Your stomach rumbles.

“Oh, oops. I kinda forgot to finish feeding you, huh? Give me just a second.” Mystia lets go and stands back up. “Oh, stay there for a bit, okay?”

She walks back through the door.

For one precious moment, you’re alone. You’re bare-ass naked, hands tied behind your back, but you’re alone. Idly, you wonder if you could escape like this. There’s a glass window that looks like you could just pop it open, if you could work the latch with your teeth.

Well, if you sat with your back to it, you could use your hands…

But either way, streaking through the forest, bound, is probably even worse than staying here.

The door opens, and Mystia walks back in, carrying your plate and cup. Her wings flutter as she sets the dishes on the bed-table. She scoops up a portion of your breakfast with her fork and extends it toward you.

“Say ‘ahh.’” She holds one hand under the fork, smiling.

“Ahh…”

She slides her spare hand under your chin as she guides the food in.

She spends the next several minutes feeding you. It’s quite nice. The food’s good and no one’s pestering you for pleasure. You take a moment to relax and savor the taste, until she’s fed you everything on the plate. Then she grabs the cup and empties it behind her own lips. Her cheeks swell. She leans in close, puckering her lips.

You can’t help a nervous twitch as your eyes bounce left to right, but you close them tight and open your lips. Gotta pl-

Mystia plants her lips against yours and forces the juice down your throat. She rubs her tongue against yours as she shoves you down against the mattress. Juice drips down your cheeks, onto the sheets. Everything tastes sweet and fruity. She all but collapses on top of you, wrapping one arm around your back while burying her other hand in your hair. You let out a quiet mewl as she assaults you with her tongue. She pulls back for air, ruffling your hair, but before you get a single breath in, she buries her tongue down your throat again.

She pulls back again, this time to slip her dress over her head and wings, then drop it on the floor. Her blouse follows. She must’ve unbuttoned them while she was-

Her lips crash into yours again. She holds back her tongue, for at least a moment, as she grinds her body against yours. Heavy breasts, tipped with painfully erect nipples rub against your own, as she slides a leg between yours and presses it to your crotch.

It hits metal, but she doesn’t even seem to care as she returns her arm to your back. Her tongue returns, this time poking at your own.

The hand around your back slips down and gives your ass a squeeze.

That sets something off. Before you can think about it, you’ve turned your head away, breaking the kiss. Mystia’s gyrations stop, and you make yourself drag your gaze back to her.

She stares at you, blinking, saliva still trailing from her lips. You take a few moments to catch your breath, the rise and fall of your stomach pressing against her own.

Her brow wrinkles in worry.

Shit. You’re supposed to be ‘in love’ with her. You need an excuse. Now.

“I- I… I, I’m sorry. I just… I wasn’t ready. Let’s…” Keep going. Keep going. Keep fucking going. She’s the only thing between you and Wriggle right now. Just tell her you’re ready to… “Maybe later?”

Goddamnit. You can only pray this doesn’t ruin it.

“Oh, heh heh. Sorry.” She rubs her neck. Wrapping both arms around your back, she stares deep into your eyes, a dreamy expression on her face. “It’s okay. I always knew we’d be here. Wriggle thinks it was a lie, that all your talk of love and submission was just a ruse. Just an excuse to get me to let go. And who knows? Maybe that’s true.” She strokes your hair. “But it’s okay. You’re mine now, and that’s all that matters.”

Right. Hers. You’re her little sex toy now. Just like you were Kagerou’s toy, and Kogasa’s toy, and that… thing’s toy. You’re shivering. You’re not quite sure why. You wrap y- Your cuffs clink. Right, you can’t even hug yourself.

You choke back what might be a sob. Or a cough. Or just something stuck in your throat.

“Are you okay?”

You push away with your feet and flip, turning your back to her.

“Is it something I said?”

You fold your legs in, against your stomach. You can’t do this. You can’t pretend to love her. You can barely pretend to like her. Weren’t you supposed to be in some esoteric realm by now? Rear door, or something? How the hell did one simple, goddamn trip get so badly derailed? Where’s Shizuha? Shouldn’t she have saved you by now? You never should’ve left the farm. What’s Ayame doing right now? Wh-

A faint buzz stirs against your flesh.

No. Not now. Not f-

The toy explodes into action, beating against you. Your body’s quaking in seconds. You try to choke back a groan, but your breathing’s already labored. A heavy, throaty moan escapes your tongue, and you can already feel more on the way.

“Naoko? Are you okay?”

Mystia rests a hand on your shoulder. You try to twist away from it, but you’re shaking too hard and your motor control’s shot to hell.

“F-f-i-ine.”

Your legs betray you, squirming in a vain effort to push the toy in deeper. Then the toy hits a sweet spot, arcing your back and forcing a squeal past your lips.

“You… you know, I hear some girls could get off just by playing with their breasts really well, maybe…”

What? No! Your muscles lock together, as a spasm runs through you. Your juices slip down your hips and seep into the blanket. Your body curls forward.

You feel the edge approach. She’s about to make you climax without even touching you.

Then it stops. The toy dies down to a low hum.

Your muscles sag, partly in relief, as you bite back a frustrated scream. Mystia pulls you into her arms, her still-rigid nipples reminding you of her desire.

“There, there. I’ll talk to Wriggle. I’m sure we can convince her to go a bit easier on you.” A hand slides across your breast. There’s some pleasure from her touch, which makes your skin crawl.

“…I don’t have to marry her, right?”

“Eh heh. Sorry. But you kind of do. Unless you really did want to be her slave.” Mystia idly plays with your nipple.

“Hell no.”

“Well, then I guess you’ll be Ms. Lorelei and Ms. Nightbug. I’ve got an awesome wedding dress picked out for you, you know. I think you’ll love it.” She buries her nose in your hair. “All white, and pretty, lots of lace…” The hand not fondling your tit travels south to paw at your iron belt in slow, sleepy motions.

One heavy moan escapes your lips as the toy starts back up. You bite back the next one. The returning quakes aren’t helping. Mystia’s motions soon slow to a crawl, then stop altogether. Then her other hand falls off your breast, slumping to the mattress beneath you. Her stomach pushes against you in a steady rhythm of rise and fall.

She’s asleep. Mystia is now the first person to fall asleep molesting you. And there’s still sunlight pouring over the whole goddamn room.

There’s a quiet knock on the door. Then it clicks open, and a pair of feet step around the bed, until a pair of black shorts enter your vision. Wriggle drops into a crouch, bringing her eyes level to yours.

“Hm. I guess you would make a pretty good body pillow, huh?” As far as you can tell, she’s not actually carrying any weird toys. What does she… “Well, Mystia needed the sleep anyway. Now.” She gives your breast a light swat. “Get up. We need to talk.”

You nestle into Mystia.

“Don’t bully her, Wriggle.” Mystia stirs, her voice bleary.

“Don’t nanny me, Mystia. It’s just a talk.”

“…Fine.” Mystia scoots your legs off the bed, and Wriggle hauls you upright. You squirm in her grip, twisting against her, but she just presses your arms into your torso and shoves you forward. She pushes you around the bed and back through the door. She hauls you toward that chair and drops you in it. At least she doesn’t bind you to it again.

She pulls another chair out, until it’s facing you. She sits down in it, propping her feet on your lap.

“I need you to do something for me, before I let you off the hook.” She pokes your stomach with the tips of her shoes.

“…I thought the deal was just about whether I loved Mystia?”

“The deal was that both of us got to fuck you. The question was whether we’d be fucking our wife or our slave.” She levels a glare at you, rubbing her stomach. “Somehow, I don’t trust you to follow through on your own.”

“Do you… need me to do something?”

“I need you to prove you won’t waste the past year of my life.” Wriggle swings her legs off your lap and stands up. She unzips and kicks her shorts off. There are simple black panties underneath. She sits back down, spreading her legs. “I’m not taking the belt off until Mystia and I have both come, but I need to know you’ll do your part. So, you can eat me out, or you can lick my feet. Or do something else, but I’d better come out convinced.”

A sleepy, inaudible mumble floats in from the bedroom.

Wriggle looks away and lets out a frustrated sigh. “If… If you do well enough, I might ease up on the torment. I guess.”

“If… If I…”

“Don’t? If you don’t, we go back to doing things my way.”

You gulp. In retrospect, this was probably the best you could expect from someone so deep under your “talent’s” influence. Still doesn’t ease the bile at what you’re being asked to do. 

A part of you really wants to just come out and tell her why she wants you so badly. Maybe she wouldn’t be quite so eager to fuck you if she knew she was being manipulated. On the other hand, what if she takes that as an admission to having lied to Mystia? Now seems like a terrible time to learn what she meant by ‘fun.’

You part your suddenly dry lips.

“I… I’ll do it. I’ll… I’ll lick your, your feet.” You’re shaking. You hate submitting like this, but if it delays having to fuck someone again, even for just a moment, you’ll do it.

“Well, what are you waiting for?” Wriggle taps her feet.

You plant your hands against the seat and lower yourself to a kneel. With how close she’d been sitting, you’re already between her feet.

“Good girl.” Wriggle pops the strap off one shoe, then the other. She slides the first to your face. “Take it off for me, would you?”

She’s kidding, right? She’s the one that locked your hands behind you. What does she expect you to…

No. She’s not expecting you to do that, is she? You look up at her, praying that you’re wrong.

She lets out a dramatic sigh. “With your teeth, dumbass.”

Of course. Returning to her feet, you bite down on the front of her shoe. Her foot slips out, and you drop the shoe on your lap. She offers her other shoe. You move to bite that one as well, but she pulls away. You look to her, but she just smiles back. You lean forward, and she pulls her foot back against her crotch. You lean further, finally closing your teeth around it. Using that foot, she pushes your head back, before finally retracting her foot from the shoe. You throw that shoe to the side. All that’s left between you and your inevitable, repulsive job is a pair of short, white socks.

“Good girl.” She says, wearing that condescending smirk. “Now, how about you help me with these?” She prods her foot against your lips.

They smell like sweat and, well, used socks. You wrinkle your nose, but part your lips wide open, hoping to keep all but your teeth away from the wool. You bite into the edge, pinching the sock between your teeth and pulling away. It slides across, and then off her foot. You drop it to your lap the split-second her toes pop free. Wriggle presents the other sock, rubbing it across your lips. The aroma of used sock fills your nose. You bite down and rip it off, swallowing a taste of her sweat to end it early. You spit it to the side.

“So far, so good. Maybe I won’t have to bully you so much, after all. Now, about your promise.”

Wriggle presents you with her bare foot. For a moment, you stare. Her toes flex in anticipation. The smell nearly smothers you. You need to lick that thing, to run your tongue along her foul feet. Her gaze hardens. Up to now, you’ve managed to get her in a relatively good mood, and you need to start soon if you want to keep her that way.

You press your lips to the big toe. You look back up to her smug face. You slide your tongue along the tips. You have no idea how to do any of this. Sex, at least, is something you understood, conceptually, before your first time.

Your first rape.

There’s a taste of dirt and sweat. You angle your head up to slide your tongue over the top of her foot, avoiding the worst of it. Wriggle angles her foot down, allowing you to slide up from the toes to the ankle, and back down. It feels like you’re tilling the ground, trailing each lick along fresh skin. As unpleasant as it is, it’s somehow a step up from what’s become the norm of your life. You wish you could just lick someone’s feet all day.

Just as you reach the end of her foot, she swipes it away and pushes her other foot to your lips. You repeat the process. Back up and down the dirty skin of your captor’s bare foot. Soon you’ve licked the tops of both feet clean.

Then she angles her foot up. She doesn’t push it toward you or rub it against you. She just lets it sit there. She knows what you’re going to do. She knows what you must do. Forcing down disgust and frustration, you lean forward, planting a kiss against the ball of her foot. The smell almost does you in before you force your tongue out. It tastes… quite a bit worse. For a moment, the scent and taste of Wriggle’s sweat, mixed with some dirt, overpowers you. You pull back, hacking out your disgust.

Then her leg slips over your shoulder, and she presses her foot against your face. Her toes block out your sight, as her heel squashes your lips. All you can do is sit there. Naked, save for the chastity belt. Kneeling, hands bound behind you, inhaling nothing but the scent of Wriggle’s sweaty foot.

She pulls her foot back, slightly. “I believe you still have some work to do. Right, Naoko?”

Grimacing, you stick out your tongue and force yourself forward. You drag it down from her pad to her sole. It’s foul, but you force your tongue all the way to the heel. You drag it back up, fighting the urge to gag. Even after several long licks, as you coat her foot in your own saliva, the smell lingers. Muted, but very present. Struggling, you flick your tongue across the top edge of her pad, grazing her toes.

Wriggle pulls the wet foot back and plants it on one of your bare breasts, pushing you back as she slides her leg off your shoulder. Setting the wet foot on your lap, she presses the underside of her other foot to your lips. More sweat and dirt greet your tongue, but you fight your way through. Eventually, with a flick, you finish off that foot as well.

Wriggle pulls that foot back, and sets each foot on one of your breasts, pushing you backward. You’re forced to plant your bound hands to the floor, but you don’t fall.

“Did… did I do good?”

“Hmm…” Wriggle strokes her chin like there’s a beard there. “You did okay. But I still have one little thing for you to do.” She extends a foot forward. “Open up~”

She slides her big toe past your lips, followed by its neighbor. The foul taste that tormented your tongue now fills your mouth.

“Make sure to get between them, okay?”

Wincing, you slide your tongue between Wriggle’s toes, as she slides them through your mouth.

“Oh! I just forgot. How silly of me.” A click. The toy roars back to life between your legs, pounding and thrashing against your flesh. Your tongue falls limp as your body quakes. That body, denied ever since the library, screams for release.

A foot taps your gut. “Keep licking, girlfriend.”

Struggling to focus as your muscles rattle, you drag your tongue back inside and just manage to squeeze it between her two smaller toes, as the toy dies back down. Your tongue droops past your lips, as Wriggle pulls her toes free of your mouth.

You sag forward, sweating and worn out from the endless stream of teasing that Wriggle has put you through. A pair of toes lifts your chin up.

“C’mon, you’re almost there~”

Wriggle raises her other foot to your lips. You open up for her, as she slides her toes inside. You’re too weary to care about how disgusting it tastes, as you slip your tongue between her smallest toes. Exhausted, you drag it between each pair, picking up who-knows-what on your way to the big toe.

Finally, you manage to haul your tongue across the side of the last toe, as Wriggle drops her other leg back over your shoulder. You look to her, confused. She pushes her foot further past your lips, jamming three of her toes inside and tapping the base of your tongue with the big one. Revolted, you try to pull back, only for her leg to hold you firm.

“C’mon, give it a good suck, would you? Then we’ll be done, I promise.”

Relenting, you do as she says. You’ve already licked off most of the sweat and grime, so it doesn’t taste much worse. Then the vibrations start again. Once more, your body warms up fast. Small shakes and tremors return, but the toy sticks to a low hum, allowing you to continue squeezing against her toes.

After a moment, Wriggle pops her foot free of your lips, before she rubs it across your face.

“Good girl. Maybe we can get along after all, huh?”

“Will you leave me alone?”

Wriggle gives you a flat look, pressing her foot to the side of your head. “Very funny. But,” She retracts her leg and sets both feet down. “I guess I shouldn’t leave you in suspense anymore.”

“…About what?”

A devilish grin splits Wriggle’s face, as she hops off the chair and rummages through a nearby cupboard. She pulls out a polished bronze disk. She settles back into her chair and presents it to you.

It’s a mirror. You see the image of a young woman naked, kneeling and bowed. You. There are scribbles on your forehead and lower belly, but it takes a moment to decode them. Reversed by the mirror, the writing on your forehead spells out ‘bitch.’ Scrawled just above your belt is ‘property of Wriggle and Mystia,’ with an arrow pointing downward.

“See, it’s not too bad, is it?” Wriggle strokes your belly with her foot. “I mean, I could have called you so many, much meaner things. Instead I just wrote that you’re slightly mean.” She pinches your nose between two toes and drags your face close to her crotch. “Now, neither of us have cum yet, so you’re still wearing that belt for a while, but maybe you can get ol’ Mystia taken care of soon.”

“…What do you mean?”

Wriggle lets go. “I’ve got some business to take care of. So I…”

There’s a knock on the door.

“Just a second.” Wriggle stands up, hauling you up after her. “C’mon, this way.” She pushes you back toward the bedroom. She throws the door open and pushes you inside, closing it behind you. After a moment, there’s a click, and the door locks. You slump against it, squirming at the toy whirring away inside you.

You hear what you assume to be the front door opening, and an unfamiliar voice engaging with Wriggle. This… this could be your ticket out of here. If this woman is powerful enough, and cares enough to take you away. Of course, even if she does, she’ll likely try to force herself on you instead. And if she doesn’t get you out, you’ll blow all favor you’ve managed to earn with Wriggle and Mystia.

…It’s probably better just to play along, for now. But then there’s the question of the belt. So long as you wear it, neither of your captors will touch your pussy or ass. Probably. But at the same time, that sex toy will stay lodged inside you for Wriggle to tease you with.

You look to the bed, where Mystia sleeps, splayed out only halfway under the covers, likely due to the rising summer heat. Of course, even waking her up from that, you doubt it would take any effort to ‘seduce’ her. But you just doused Wriggle’s feet in your own spit for the sole purpose of delaying this kind of thing. Is now really the time to start fucking someone for a favor?

Or you could try telling her about your aura. She’ll probably be hurt, but she’s likely not as eager for an excuse to punish you as Wriggle seems to be.

You can’t count on whoever’s on the other side to help you. Even if you get through the door, it’s bound to piss Wriggle off. If you want to hold off sex in any meaningful way, you need to try what you’ve never quite done before. You gulp and turn to Mystia. Sunlight shines across her wings and breasts, only half-covered by the sheets. Her arms splay out across her wings, as her chest rises and falls in a steady, quiet rhythm. You step toward her. It would be nice to just go sit in a corner and wait for nightfall, maybe fall asleep there. You almost drool at the thought of hours upon hours of not getting fucked or molested.

Then you suffer a short spasm, reminding you of the thing still whirring away inside you. Besides, so long as you remain trapped in this house, it’s all certain to be nothing more than idle fantasy. Your hands remain locked behind your back, and that damn belt still rubs against your bare flesh.

Warm, sticky fluid slips down your leg and drips onto the wooden floor. The voices in the other room grow heated as you glance over Mystia’s sleeping form.

If you want any hope of easing your stay here, you need to make yourself less desirable. You must convince one of them of the truth. You lean down to push your face against Mystia’s arm. But she barely stirs. You drop your face into the sheets and shove against her arm. Her arm shifts, but she remains still.

Then she rolls over, her other arm falling across your neck and pulling in, pushing your head against her bare chest. She physically drags your body partly into bed as she presses your face to her chest. Your face is trapped in a tight, wet, and warm space as her breast brushes against your cheek. Yet the gentle rhythm of her breathing remains perfectly steady.

“Uh… hey, Mystia?” you whisper. No response.

“Hello? Wake up please…” you raise your voice incrementally. Even as the weight of her body presses against you, the last thing you want to do is piss her off before you have a chance to talk. “Please, wake up. I need to tell you something.”

There’s a few soft, incoherent mumbles, but nothing more.

You don’t know how long Wriggle will be distracted, or what she’ll do when she’s done. You need to get this conversation started now.

So, you do the only thing you can think of. You open your mouth, strain forward, and bite into her breast.

Mystia yelps and spins to her other side, knocking your teeth back and dragging you with her. Her eyes flutter open, weakly, as your body slumps into the sheets, next to her.

She gives you an almost angelic smile, wrapping her legs around one of yours. She drapes a wing over your body.

“Hey, Naoko. You need something?”

“Yes, I… there’s something you need to know.” Best ease into this.

She pulls you back. “Well then, go ahead.”

“It’s, well. I think something’s sort of, uh, you’re being tricked. Manipulated, into…” Her legs rustle against yours. “I have this… aura, I think. It, well…”

You clear your throat. Focus.

“You and Wriggle weren’t the only ones who wanted to, to be with me.” You can’t quite bring yourself to say the R-word. Not to her face, at least. “There were a lot of… people, chasing me down.” Mystia’s brow furrows. “It’s…”

“Every youkai I meet wants the same thing you and Wriggle want. They all want to be with me. To play with me.”

Mystia’s gaze softens in sympathy.

“If it wasn’t for that aura, we’d never have met. You wouldn’t even know I existed.” Well, probably. Hopefully.

Mystia leans in to plant a light kiss against your lips. “I guess I should be thanking it then, huh?”

Is she even listening? You don’t want to irritate her, but you need to press her on this, “Mystia, do you think every youkai near my farm just happened to decide they all wanted me? That all of them just happened to decide on the same farm girl, at the same time, for the same reasons?”

“Hm?” she gives you a blank stare.

“You… you don’t really love me, y-”

Her eyes narrow. “Excuse me, what?”

The toy still whirrs inside you, and Mystia’s flesh still presses against you. “I’m still shackled, Mystia-”

“Handcuffed.”

“Whatever. I don’t even know what happened to my clothes, and you’ve barely even protected me from Wriggle. You don’t love me. You just want me for your own pleasure. And-”

“No. You’re wrong, Naoko. I-”

“It’s fine. You don’t have to love me. I really don’t even…” Wait, you don’t want to admit to your deception yet. Not until you have the aura thing out of way. “Anyway, your feelings aren’t really, well, real. It’s just my au-”

“Then turn it off.”

“What?” Your legs squirm against hers, still agitated by that buzzing toy.

Mystia pouts and pulls you tight against her. “If my feelings aren’t real, if it’s just something you’re doing to me, then surely you can turn it off, right?”

“If I could, I would have last summer.”

Mystia rubs your back. “No helping it, I guess. If my feelings are so fake, I guess I should just give up now and leave you with Wriggle.”

“What?” No. She’s just joking, right?

“No, no. You’re right. Clearly my feelings are too fake, so I should leave you with the girl who doesn’t care where hers come from.”

“I… can we talk about this?” This is almost the last direction you wanted this conversation to take.

Mystia pulls you into a tight hug, squishing your face against her breasts. “The thing is, I can’t help how I feel about you. Maybe it’s not love, but it certainly feels like it. And besides, being here with you feels so much better than without you. So,” she pulls back, and her eyes flatten, “you can be with me, or alone with Wriggle, which do you really want?”

“I, I don’t…” Something’s wrong. It smells fishy. It-

She strokes your cheek, face settling into a glare. “Naoko. You don’t… You don’t really love me, do you?”

And there it is. As inevitable as this was, you’d hoped that maybe you could sidestep it somehow. Still, you need to find a way to ease her desire.

“Really, Mystia. The only reason you want me i-”

She wraps a hand around your head and plants her lips against yours. She pulls back. “Naoko. Do you love me. Yes or no?”

You swallow hard. She’s not Wriggle. She probably won’t hurt you for looking at her weird. Your wrist-cuffs clink. Your heavy tongue lifts as you part dry lips.

“I… I’m sorry, Mystia. I don’t.” For a split-second, her eyes fly wide open. Her expression then turns black. “Listen, when Wr-”

Mystia buries her face in your chest. She wraps her arms around your back and lets out a muffled screech. She pulls back, glaring at you.

“So it’s true. You lied to me back at that farm, and you lied to me here.”

“I’m sorry, really. But y-”

“No, no. It’s fine. Just fine.” She sighs, planting a hand against your breast. “You don’t want to touch me, right?” A hand slides down your back and squeezes your ass. “You don’t like me doing this, do you?”

“I…” As uncomfortable as her wandering hands are, there’s something in her tone that bothers you more. No point to lying now, though. “Please don’t. I just w-”

She kneads the base of your breast. She lets out something between a sigh and a groan. “Looks like Wriggle had the right idea all along. You need those handcuffs on your wrists. If we didn’t chain you up, you’d already be gone, huh?” She pulls you close. Her breasts press against yours, as her wings envelop you. “You’d leave us lonely and frustrated, wouldn’t you?”

“…What?”

“It’s been a year, Naoko. Do you really think these things will just go away?”

“I, guess not?”

“And rather than try to help, you’d abandon us to it? Curse us to live all our days as slaves to desire, unable even to experience even the simple joy of your company?”

“I, I’m sorry. I just want to be left alone. Is that really so much to ask?”

Mystia groans.

“It… it’s not like I can’t understand, you know.” She leans in to plant a kiss on your forehead. “I’m sure it must have been difficult, hiding all the time. So…” She flicks your nipple. “I guess I’m willing to offer a compromise, if you’ll hear it.”

“…What is it?” She’s not completely pissed off, right?

“I still can’t bear to be without you, so…” She gives your ass a light squeeze. “We’re still getting married, but you don’t have to pretend to love me, at least when we’re alone, okay?”

You let out a defeated sigh. “Do I have a choice?”

“Of course you do. There’s always Wriggle.” A shiver runs down your spine. A sly smile creeps across her face. “For such a pain in the neck, she can be just so convenient. So, you don’t want to go back to her, right? Without my protection?”

Slowly, you nod your head.

“Good.” Mystia nuzzles your cheek. “But…” she pulls back, “we do still have to handle your little fib. And if Wriggle won’t punish you, I guess I have to.” She sits up and swings a leg over your body. “So, we can do this one of two ways.” She hops off the bed and moves to the closet. She rummages through it, pulls out a pair of objects, then turns back to you. She hops back to the bed, holding a white puff-ball attached to a series of beads in one hand, and a headband with a pair of white rabbit ears in the other.

“If you hate my touch so much, I guess you just have to make good on your original promise and be my cute little bunny. Or we tell Wriggle.”

“…Do I just wear the ears?”

“Hm…” Mystia eyes the headband. She looks back to you. “No. I think I’ll have you hop around too, and good pets don’t say mean things like how they don’t love their masters, so I’ll also need to get the gag back out.”

“Are there any other options…” You trail off, catching a glimpse of very pale, green hair whip through the closet.

“Unless you’d rather fuck me, right now, no. Or you can come up with a better punishment, I guess. But if I don’t like your offer, I’m leaving it all up to Wriggle.”

Mystia hesitates, then offers an apologetic smile. “If you choose to stick with me, I promise I’ll at least try not to force you into anything explicitly sexual. I can’t control Wriggle, though.” 

“Can I look in your closet first?” You can’t quite meet her eyes.

Mystia frowns at you.

“Just, just for a second! I’ll take whatever punishment you want. I just want to, you know, see what options I have.” She gives you a flat look. “I-I mean, what if we find something you’ll like more?”

Mystia narrows her eyes. “Fine.” She sets the ears and puffball near you. “C’mon then. Follow me.”

Hesitantly, you push off the bed and follow behind her. Your hips jerk as the still vibrating toy pulses once, before settling back into that endless, insufferable rhythm.

“C’mon, c’mon.” Mystia slides an arm around your hip as she wraps a wing around you. She pulls you close to her side, rubbing her hand up and down the side of your ass.

“Could you maybe, not touch…”

“Shh. You don’t want to fuck me, right?”

You nod.

“Well, I’m trying to hold myself back here, but you need to give me something to work with, okay?”

You look away, allowing her to fondle your ass as she pulls the closet door completely open. There’s a series of dresses hanging from a rack, and a pile of assorted things beneath them. The first for you to recognize being at least three more sets of shackles, or handcuffs as Mystia called them.

There’s a very short roll of some shiny, gray fabric. A short black sash of some kind. A paddle, a whip, a coil of rope, a leather leash, and a black box.

Half the outfits and dresses on the rack are familiar or common enough, but some are just strange. There’s a very lacy, sleeveless white dress, with a tight midsection, but a see-through skirt and similarly transparent chest, which tapers up to a white collar. There are a few more dresses and outfits with holes or transparent fabric over the breasts, tiny skirts, or slits in strange places.

“What’s in the box?”

“Eh he he. Just a little jewelry we scrounged together.”

Mystia folds her wings against her back as she kneels down to pop the box open. She pulls out a pair of silver earrings with a weird chain between them. “These go on your nipples…”

“My what?” Okay, not earrings, exactly.

“Here, let me show you.” Mystia leans over you.

“No, no. I’m good.” You back away, falling on your ass and scooting back toward the bed. She soon stops, and so do you.

“Well, if you insist…” Mystia goes back to rooting though the box.

You settle down, stretching out your legs and planting your hands underneath you. You’ve no doubt Mystia will find something horrible in there to force you into, but so what? You can’t run, fight, or even meaningfully resist her. There’s just no point. She’s going to force you into something humiliating, she’ll force you to go on some ‘date’ with her, and she’ll no doubt rape you eventually.

This isn’t a question of if she’ll violate you, and maybe it never was. Perhaps they had sealed your fate the moment they saw you. Maybe you should have just stuck with Kogasa. Let her do whatever weird stuff she wanted with your ass; at least she never forced you to touch or taste hers. Idly, you tug at your handcuffs. You’re shaking, a bit, as your fluid drips from the belt to the cool wood beneath your ass.

Maybe you never had a chance to escape this. Maybe you were destined to be Mystia and Wriggle’s bitch the moment they laid eyes on you. Your family had performed admirably, but it now seems like the entirety of their accomplishment was in delaying the inevitable. If only you could go back to the time before that horrible summer.

If you could just return to living on that farm, busting your ass during the day, then goofing off at night. Before that summer. That goddamn summer. Those fucking monsters. Th…

“You think this would look good on you?”

Mystia holds up a cutesy, pink apron.

“What would I wear it with?”

Mystia lets out a soft, longsuffering sigh. “You just don’t get it. You’d wear only it. Nothing else. That’s the point.” She shuffles through the rack some more. “Maybe I should get something more exciting.”

If Ayame was still here, maybe she could’ve saved you. If she saw you like this, surely, she’d at least have tried. No one in your family was exactly a Reimu Hakurei or a Keine Kamishirasawa, but they were used to fighting off youkai. A skill that, despite your efforts, you never quite got a hold of.

“I guess we could do a maid thing, maybe? Or, hm…”

You lean back, closing your eyes. Of course, trying to explain this to your family would get weird fast. ‘Oh hi, mom. Hey, Ayame. Do you guys know it how felt to be molested by what seemed like you?’ Well, Nue didn’t molest you, exactly. Hell, she didn’t even force you into that ‘date.’ Still, if you went back, it’d probably be best to avoid those topics the first few weeks…

Mystia’s voice, along with the sound of her shuffling through jewelry, fades out. Confused, you open your eyes back up. Vague, muddy colors swirl around you, until they converge into a whole lot of red. 

Books. There are tall, imposing bookshelves everywhere. Balconies stretch above you, containing even more of these books. A soft, red carpet rests beneath you.

“Good morning, Ms. Honda.” A shockingly familiar voice calls. Thin, tired, and raspy, like that one book you talked with. A woman sits before you, slouching behind a desk. Long, violet hair droops from her pale hat past her shoulders and down her back. She wears what appears to be a lavender set of warm nightclothes.

“Please tell me, young lady, just what it is you’re doing on my arcane payroll.”

“Your what?”

She lets out half of an exasperated sigh, before it degenerates into a dry cough.

“I have a project of utmost importance underway at this very moment, and therefore no time for games.” She sets her hands down on the table. “I have enough of my power drained by my current servant and I cannot afford a second waste, especially for one who offers nothing in return. So, precisely how have you managed to accomplish this feat, and what would it take to remove you from my command?”

“I… what are your talking about?” At this moment, it strikes you that you’re not sitting or standing in the room you see. In fact, it’s as if you’re not even physically present.

She rubs her temples. “Do you know what a familiar is?”

That term sounds weirdly, well, familiar. “I’m not entirely sure. Was it some kind of servant?”

“I suppose I’ll have to start from the beginning then. Like magicians, familiars come in both natural and occupational forms. Since you have not spawned from the maelstrom of my energies, you are an occupational familiar. The function of a familiar is to perform arcane tasks while her mistress is otherwise occupied. Now, please, both my time and my power are precious; would it be so terrible to tell me how and why you’re draining it?”

She glares. You wince. This, this is your arcane mistress, then?

“I needed help. I was…” You take a moment to think. “Under attack. A book had possessed someone and used her to assault myself and my, uh, friend.” In retrospect, your relationship with Shizuha is a little weird. “A different book promised to help me if I signed a pact. I didn’t have any other choice.”

She somehow leans back further. “That’s it?”

“That’s it.”

She leans forward. “So you signed a pact with a book and somehow, that attached you to me?”

“I guess? Kosuzu said it was a familiar pact, and I never signed any others.”

“Hm…” She returns to slouching. “What sort of book was this?”

“I don’t know. But it was purple and it sounded just like you.”

She puts her finger to her chin. “Then, perhaps it is… No, it must be that book.” She focuses on you. “I take it you know of no way to revoke the contract yourself, correct?”

“No, but I think it’s only supposed to last a week.”

The woman waves her hand dismissively. “Still too long. But I may yet get something in return for my trouble. Bring me that book, and perhaps we can work something out. You have three days.”

“…How do I get it to you?”

“Do you not know who I am?”

“I, no, not really.”

The woman coughs again, quietly.

“Then simply bring that book to the Scarlet Devil Mansion and ask for a Ms. Patchouli Knowledge.” She sighs. “That’s me, by the way. My name.”

“The… Scarlet Devil Mansion?” You hesitate. This woman is likely the source of that power that broke you free of the book’s bindings. Learning from her could save your ass. But to willingly surround yourself with youkai? “Is there any other way to…?”

“No.” She flicks a finger, and everything swirls into confusion again. After a moment of muddy colors, daylight once more pours down upon you.

A soft pair of lips press against your own. Mystia pulls back, outstretched wings folding in as her ample breasts squeeze between her arms. She fidgets, possibly seeking what to say. Now that things have moved around a bit, you catch a glimpse of a tall mirror against one wall. You slump at the reminder of ‘bitch’ written on your forehead, and the property markings on your lower belly. You glance to the rack, still confused by the white, see-through dress.

“So, what is that dress for?”

Mystia looks at it. “That? Oh, that’s your wedding dress.”

“…What does it go on top of?”

“On top of?”

“Yeah, I mean, how do I cover my, you know, my privates?”

“Hm? Oh, you mean like your breasts? You don’t, silly. I can’t have you hiding something so valuable from me at such an important moment, you know?”

“…What?”

“Besides, it’s the skirt that’s really important. Anyway.” Mystia waves her hand. “I think I’ve got another idea, if you don’t want to be my pet.”

“You can wear this,” she pulls the apron out, “and these.” She pulls out a pair of oddly angled black shoes. “They’ll take some getting used to, but you can be my pretty little maid.” She closes her eyes in thought. “But you know, I’m not quite sure how I should gag you.” She opens them back up. “Oh well, I guess I’ll just say that if you ever say anything that’s not a direct response to a question or command, or something I just don’t like, I’ll let Wriggle do whatever she wants.”

She puts the apron and shoes down, before she flashes you another apologetic smile. “I couldn’t really come up with anything else, though. Sorry.”

You glance through the closet. “Can I just wear-” a gasp breaks past your lips, knocked loose by that toy, “my, my old kimono?”

Mystia giggles. “Of course not, silly. I need some eye candy.”

“Some underwear, maybe?”

“Hm…” Mystia tilts her head to the side. “I guess we could do that. I’d still have to gag you though. And throw in a blindfold, I think.”

You slump; no matter what, she’s not letting you speak freely.

“Oh, don’t get like that. Once you’re behaving better, I’ll be happy to take it off.” She goes back to the box, then turns around. “Oh, and that also applies for the other punishments.”

You’re about to speak, when something catches your eye. The mirror’s slightly askew, and you could swear you saw something move behind it. Yet there’s no space for anything to be there. Then it’s gone. Something funny’s going on, and a small part of you dares to hope you just might have a way out.

On the other hand, if there is anything there worth checking, any attempt to use it would no doubt anger your captors. If you want to play it safe, you’ll have to just accept a punishment. Taking the ‘maid’ role gives you a chance to speak, but a single verbal misstep could land you right back under Wriggle’s full power. The other two roles are safer, but one sounds like it still leaves you completely naked, and may even hobble you, while the other straight-up blinds you, even if it does allow you to cover up a little. 

“…The apron.” As much as you’d like to imagine that some safe haven lies behind that mirror, any attempt to reach it will almost certainly just piss Mystia off again. She’s already threatening to take your voice away, and you really don’t want to find out what she’ll take if you push her any further. Best to just accept what leaves you with the most freedom.

“Okey-dokey. Just stand up, please.”

You fold your legs underneath you and push up, your balance threatened by weary thighs.

Mystia lifts the apron’s top loop over your head to let it fall around your neck. The apron descends across your front, mercifully concealing most of your breasts and crotch, as its frills brush against your sides.

“Lift your hands, please.”

Embarrassed, but relieved to finally wear something, you lean forward, angling your hands as high as your cuffs allow.

“Your butt is sooo cute. I just want to hug it.” Mystia slides her hand across your ass, giving it a soft squeeze. Your body quakes, whether in revulsion or frustration, you can’t tell. She lifts her hand back off you. “Oh, uh, don't worry. I know you're not ready for that kind of stuff yet.”

Mystia pulls the loose strands around your waist, tying them together in what you think is a bow. You let your hands fall back against your bare ass.

“Okay, socks next.” Mystia returns to the closet and pulls out a pair of short but frilly pink socks. You lift your feet, one at a time, for her to slip them on.

“There, now you just need your shoes.” Mystia pulls out the black shoes, sets them in front of your feet, and pops the latches off. “Step in, please.”

Now confronted with them directly, a pit forms in your stomach. You’ve never worn tilted shoes before, much less ones so… extreme. Can you even walk in those?

“What… are those?”

“These? high heels, silly.”

Well, now you have their name, at least. With a light gulp, you slide your foot in one. It comes to rest at a steep angle. How are you going to walk in these things? Mystia clips the shoe shut, and you try to lift your other foot. Your body wobbles and your weight tips backward, but Mystia wraps her arms and wings around your back, then pulls you upright.

She takes a deep whiff of your apron.

Resting against her, you slip your foot in the other shoe. Slowly, Mystia lets go, folding her wings back in. You falter but hold your balance long enough for Mystia to clip that shoe shut as well. Mystia takes a few steps back toward the bed. “C’mon, this way.”

You take a step forward, swaying. Another step. By the third, you’re teetering. You take a moment to regain your balance, then take another step. Your ankle twists and sends you plummeting. Mystia rushes toward you just in time for your face to crash into her generous breasts. She rights you, then moves to stand beside you.

“Here, let me help.” She places a hand on each hip and guides you toward the bed. You almost tumble forward, but she pulls you back. She guides you around it, and slowly, your steps grow steadier. Once you’re standing between the bed and the main room, she sits down. She pats the bed next to her. You settle down next to her, and she wraps her wing around your back.

There’s still a slight trickle, moistening the bed with your unwanted lust. Your face burns at the realization, though you’re certain your captor won’t mind.

“See, that wasn’t so bad, right?”

“I… can learn to live with it, I guess.”

Mystia fidgets. “Hey, can you try calling me ‘mistress?’”

“Mistress?”

“No, no. With my name.”

“Mistress Mystia?”

Mystia smiles, then wraps her arms around your neck presses her lips against yours. Her tongue pushes through, almost choking you as she rams it in. She takes a moment to rest it atop yours a-

There’s a click, just before the door slams open and Mystia pulls back, yanking her tongue and wing back with her. Her spit trickles down your chin. Wriggle stands before you, glaring over her shoulder.

“Pain-in-the-ass preacher stopped by. Harvest goddess looking for new followers, or something. Barely managed to- why is Mystia awake?”

“Oh, Wriggle, good timing.” Mystia lets out a dramatic yawn. “You’re right. I gotta go back to sleep, so you can look after her now.” She rubs your side. “We made a little deal. She doesn’t get to speak unless spoken to, and she can’t say anything that’s not a direct response to a question or command. She also has to address us as either master or mistress.”

You look back at her, preparing to object. You open your mouth, only for her to place a finger against it. “If she breaks any of these rules, you get to do whatever you want.”

An almost lecherous smirk climbs up Wriggle’s face. She steps forward. “Is that all?”

“That’s all.” Mystia slides back into bed. “Nighty night.”

Sunlight’s still pouring in through the window. Judging by the angle, it’s about midmorning.

“Goodnight, Mystia.” Wriggle turns to you. “This way, Naoko.”

You glance back to Mystia. She nods.

Sweating, you stand up and take a shaky step forward. Wriggle plants a hand against your hip and nudges you to the door. You step through, just in time for her hand to pull back and crash against your ass, propelling you forward. You soon slip, but Wriggle catches you by the wrists and pulls you back. With a click, she unlocks a cuff and glides your free hand in front of you. Pulling the other hand to your front, she snaps your cuff back on.

She steps in front of you and pulls out that pink block again. She slides something from one end to the other and pushes a button. The toy bursts back to life.

After ages of near-constant strain, your thighs all but collapse on the spot. Before you fall, Wriggle catches you and hauls you back up. She leans in close.

“How about you fetch me a cup of water?”

“…Fine.”

Wriggle cocks an eyebrow and a lopsided grin. You realize your mistake just as she opens her mouth.

“Yes, mistress.”

She shuts her mouth, her grin smaller and softer, but still quite visible. You turn toward the table, wobbling, but not falling. A steady stream of your personal fluids trickles down your leg, staining the floor behind you. It irritates you that she all but entirely controls your need and desire, but it humiliates and infuriates you that she’s also free to force such secretions out of you.

“You know, I could watch that ass all day…”

You bite back a curse at her. Relax, just relax. Stop fighting. Stop wasting your captors’ patience. Stop giving them reasons to bind or hurt you. You reach the table, finding it largely empty. Behind, however, there’s a short counter against the wall with a few clay cups and a couple bottles. Stumbling over to it, scooting your bound hands across the table for balance, you find one bottle to be sake, while the other is unlabeled, containing a similarly clear fluid. Popping the cork, you take a whiff. No identifiable odors, so you’ll just assume it’s water.

For a moment you hesitate, fearing this may be some trick on Wriggle’s part. But a quick glance reveals no other obvious sources, and the heels have crippled your mobility. Seeing no real alternatives, you pour its contents into one of the cups. Once the cup’s mostly full, you pick it up and turn back to Wriggle. You take slow and measured steps toward her, hoping to keep your quaking thighs from breaking your already waning balance. Miraculously, you reach her without having spilled more than a few drops.

Wriggle takes the cup from you and sips at it. “Not bad, now how’d you feel about serving as my footstool this morning?”

You shake your head, too nervous to openly deny her.

She smiles. “That’s what I thought. So, how about you sweep the floor for me, so I don’t give you another intimate moment with my feet?”

“…Yes, Mistress.”

You look around, and find a broom resting against the wall by the outside door. You sway and stagger forward, almost tripping on your heels. But you reach the wall, planting your cuffed hands against it for balance. You take in a heavy breath. You can see the shape of your nipples through the apron. Quivering, you grip the broom and push it against the floor. Your thighs clench as the toy dies down again.

Half-using the broom as a walking stick, you push some dust under the door, before moving out from it. You start working on one corner, between the door and the table. You spend a few minutes in uninterrupted, peaceful labor. It’s almost blissful, just performing a simple chore without the incessant buzzing inside your pussy.

Your feet twist in their heels, but the broom keeps you steady. Then, just as you’re about to finish the space between the table and the door, the toy flares back up, beating against you and breaking your focus. You collapse into the shaky support of your broom.

“Hey, how about over here?”

You veer toward Wriggle, stumbling but pulling yourself up. Slowing down, you return to measured steps, recovering some balance. As you step next to her, she slides a finger up your leg. You stop to let her, but shiver as it picks up the sticky residue of your arousal. She pops the finger in her mouth and appears to savor your taste.

“Hey, how about you take a little break? Just a quick little rest on your girlfriend’s lap?”

“I’d really rather…”

“My lap. Now.”

Suppressing a scream, you stumble toward the table to set the broom against it. With a more careful gait, you return to Wriggle wearing a forced smile.

“How, how do you want me to sit?”

“Facing me.”

“Of, of course.” You place your hands on Wriggle’s lap as you slip one leg through the chair’s arm, then the other. You sit down, your weight resting against her knees. Wriggle fondles your ass, kneading it as she stares into your eyes. “Give me a kiss, will you?”

Shutting your eyes tight, you lean forward, puckering your lips. Wrapping her hand in your hair, she pulls you in, but merely plants a soft kiss against your lips, sparing you her tongue. The vibrator dies back down. Your mounting frustration strangles what little relief you’d otherwise have felt.

She pulls back.

Wriggle slips her hands under your apron to squeeze your breasts.

“Bet you’re getting real tired of that belt, huh?”

You bite your lip. “No, I’m fine. No, no problem. Really.” You’re panting, sweating, and moistening her legs as you speak.

A click. For one violent pulse, the toy pounds your flesh, tearing a squeal out of you. Wriggle gives you a knowing smirk. “Are you sure you couldn’t go for just a little bit of relief?”

“I’m, I’m fine. I, huh, I’m just a bit, winded.”

One hand tightens its grip, slowly squeezing and twisting. “Do you really think you should be lying to me right now?”

You look away, as her nails dig into your flesh. Your breast burns in her constricting grip.

“I… Fine. I, might, I guess, prefer to be, uh, free of it.” A strand of drool slips free of your lips.

Wriggle lets go. “There, that wasn’t so hard, right?” She gives both breasts a short squeeze, then lets go. “You can get off now.”

“Oh, uh, okay.” Planting your hands against her lap again, you slide your legs back out, soon standing before her.

“Kneel.”

Confused, you lower yourself down, until you’re resting on your shins. Wriggle steps up and stands in front of you. She pulls your head toward her crotch, all but rubbing you against her shorts.

“You remember the arrangement, right?”

“But, but I proved myself, didn’t I? So I wouldn’t have to…”

Wriggle angles your head back. “Don’t worry, I won’t force you into anything. But like I said, I’ve got some business to attend to, and…” She gives you an almost cruel smirk. With a flick of that box, her toy beats another violent pulse against your flesh. Your hips jerk as it rips a strangled moan out of you. “…Well, I’m just trying to help, is all.”

She lets out an almost compassionate sigh. “I just want to do my part to help free you from that horrible belt.” Her caring frown falters. “But… I’ve already offered you my pussy once. So…” She turns around, still gripping your scalp. Your nose grazes the seat of her shorts. “If you want to do this the simple way, you’ll be licking my ass.” She lets go, turning back around to face you. You pull your head back, looking up her shirt and her small, but visible breasts, to her glinting eyes. “If you really don’t like that idea, then I guess I could lend you my pussy, but only if you let me put something of my own on you. I’m thinking… how about a leash? A nice collar I can wrap around your pretty little neck and attach to, oh I dunno, maybe Mystia’s bed? This chair? Maybe just wherever I feel like.”

She guides you back up. “So, what do you say?”

Your lip quivers. She’s been playing with your pussy almost nonstop since you awoke. As much as the idea disgusts you, it might just be worth it to pleasure her so that you’re one step closer to finally freeing yourself from her depraved toy. If you do, the obvious choice would be to eat her ass to protect what little autonomy you have left. But could you do that? You barely made it through her torment on the bed and fared little better with her feet. Maybe it’s better to just refuse her, unless…

She never gave you a chance to bargain before, but Mystia appears to have softened her tone a little. Maybe. And she seems to like embarrassing you. If you begged her to leave you alone, you might yet win some relief without fucking her. Or she’d just egg you on, then turn you down at the end.

You swallow hard. Your skin burns and sweat coats your body. You really are going to do this, aren’t you? All for some stupid, fleeting dream of escape. You’re really going to…

“I’ll do-”

“Ah, ah, ah.” Wriggle nudges your head back. “I’m doing you a favor here, so how about you ask for it? Politely, of course.”

You bite back another curse.

“Please, mistress,” you blush, bracing yourself for what you must say next, “let me lick your ass.”

She pats your head. “Good girl.” She slides back into her chair, popping a button off her shorts and pulling the zipper down. She stops. “Say, why don’t you help me out here?” Licking her lips, she shimmies the shorts down to her knees. “The sooner you start, the sooner I finish, after all.” She pats her shorts.

Shaking, you lift your hands to her shorts and tug them down her legs. Your pulse quickens.

“You know, I’m impressed.” She slides her fingers through your hair. “Just this morning you were fighting me, yet here we are.” She hums a cheery tune. “If you keep this up, we might even get to take your cuffs off soon.”

You drop her shorts around her ankles and look back up to find her panties now stretched between her knees. You grip them and yank them down to her ankles. She lifts her feet out and sets them atop her shorts. Done.

You look back up to find a neatly trimmed but thick, dark green bush, thinning as it nears her pussy. As much as you hate what you’re about to do, you feel a tinge of relief that at least you won’t have pubic hair all over your face. Hopefully. Wriggle rubs your scalp as she stands back up. She turns around and with a snap, her black cape falls from her shoulders to join her discarded shorts and panties. She pats her bare, round ass.

“Well? Go ahead.” Wriggle leans forward on the chair, rubbing a circle on one cheek.

This is it. You swallow one last time as you plant your hands between her legs and lean in. Her ass-cheeks fill your vision once more as you approach her crevice. As she removes her hand, you veer off to kiss one of the cheeks.

You lick the cheek. The salty taste of her moist skin is hardly pleasant, but it’s no worse than her feet. You drag your tongue out in slow, lazy circles. You do this partly to delay the inevitable, but also in the hope that it’ll warm her up enough to finish the job quickly once you're inside. You lick across the crack to her other cheek, and with a few more circles, you’ve tasted about as much of her ass-cheeks as you can tolerate.

Still, encouraged by the relatively mundane taste, you plunge in, wedging your face between her cheeks. As a faint and bitter, almost floral scent drifts to your nose, the full weight of what you’re doing hits you like a hammer. With the weight of Wriggle’s ass pressing against your cheeks and your own lips poised near her asshole, you struggle to retain your nerve. You’re committed now. You must see this through. Unable to use your hands for anything more than support, you wedge yourself in a bit further and plant a kiss on her asshole. It’s not awful, but it’s weird enough to give you pause. You can’t quite bring yourself to push any deeper. Not yet.

You take a deep breath through your nose and let it out over Wriggle’s asshole. She shivers. You slide your tongue down her crack, working up the courage to taste it. As shivers run down your spine, you slide your tongue back up, tasting only skin. You lick around the edge a few times. Finally, bracing yourself, you take the plunge. You press your tongue against her asshole. It doesn’t budge. It’s clean, but that bitter taste hits you harder, almost choking you.

Wriggle hums a bouncy, bubbly tune you can’t quite recognize, as she wiggles her ass from side to side. Without her weight pinning you down, you’re forced to shift your head along with her or lose your momentum. You push your tongue against her, straining to keep up the pressure as she threatens to throw you off. For a moment, you feel the sphincter give, just slightly. Then you break through, your tongue slipping through to the interior of Wriggle’s ass.

Wriggle’s voice catches, but you almost choke on the bitterness engulfing your tongue. You keep going, but struggle to keep taking her alien flavor. You can’t give up yet. Wriggle’s already won, but you stand the thought of her smug face, should you pull out now. You slide your tongue along the edge, scared to go any deeper. You can feel small shivers crawling across Wriggle’s body as they run across her ass to vibrate against your face and your tongue.

You take a few more experimental licks, triggering new shivers each time. For once, it almost feels like you’re in control. You slide your tongue back out, eliciting a quiet whine from Wriggle. It would be fun, if you didn’t have to bury yourself in her ass for it. Taking a moment to breathe, you stare at the soft, round flesh before you. Wriggle’s ass wiggles a bit.

She speaks up. “Look, if you really want to wear that leash, you could just ask.”

Taking the hint, you lean back in. Letting a soft breath out, you press your tongue against her hole. You straighten your tongue and shove it back through her hole, forcing it down as far as it will go. Wriggle squeaks and clenches around your tongue as you force your way down her insides. Suddenly unsure of what to do next, you allow your tongue to go slack.

“W-What’s wrong? Can’t h-hoo-handle me?”

You drag your tongue back until only the tip sits inside.

“Bet you c-urk!”

You shove it back down, grinding against the walls of Wriggle’s now shaking ass. You drag it back and push it forward once more, getting a heavier quake out of her.

Something drips onto your hands. One drop, then two. It builds into a slow but steady rhythm, evidence of her desire moistening your palms. You’ll want to wash your hands, but at least you’re nearing your goal.

You pump your tongue up and down Wriggle’s asshole as hard as you can. You get her quaking, and her ass bouncing against your face, but you can’t quite seem to finish the job. You lift your hands up and rub your knuckles against Wriggle’s wet pussy. You hear her moaning now, but she’s still not cumming.

You scrape your tongue against one side as you flip your palms to cup her dripping slit, then rub one finger against her. She jerks, her ass smashing against you and jostling your tongue free. Anger blossoms, and you shove your face, with your suddenly tender nose, back into her crack. Your tongue surges through her sphincter to grind against her. Your finger slips through her folds to shove against her walls. She’s jerking and moaning. You hammer your tongue and finger against her. Then it hits. More of a screech than a scream, Wriggle’s voice rips through the air. For once, you thank the presence of her ass for dampening it.

Wriggle collapses in the seat as you haul your tongue from her ass. With a pop, her twitching asshole releases your tongue and you fall back on your own ass. For a moment you just sit there, dazed. As the fury subsides, you choose to thank whatever god might be watching that you didn’t do something stupid.

The bitter taste lingers on your tongue, as Wriggle’s juices drip from your fingers.

Still twitching, Wriggle hauls herself off the chair and sways toward you. Gripping your scalp, she presses your face against her hairy crotch. She rubs herself against you a few times, then pulls back.

“Sorry… ‘bout uh, that. But like I said, business. Can’t… can’t afford to be all wet for it, you know.” Wriggle turns around and crouches down. She picks her panties up and slides her legs through them as you slump into the hard ground.

You turn your head and spit a few times, but it does little for the taste. Relief fills your chest, as shame fills your stomach. You made it through everything without pissing anyone off or earning any new restraints, but you had to bury your face in Wriggle’s ass to do it.

A soft leather package thumps against your apron. You turn your head back to look at it, as you catch Wriggle, dressed again, standing over you. One hand holds that weird, fat-handled brush again.

“It’s from when we found you.” A tired grin creeps into her face. “You, uh, probably don’t want to let Mystia see that.” She hops down, popping the lid off her brush, and pushes your apron up to your stomach. She scribbles something on your upper thigh, before popping the lid back on and standing back up. “Just so Mystia knows to unlock you if you do, well, you know what.”

You glance down again, working through the difficulties of reading upside down, you manage to parse the message. ‘Fucked Wriggle.’

She turns and walks to the door. Struggling a bit with how close your wrists are stuck together, you peel the wallet open. The first thing you see is a flawless rendition of firm, full tits with hardened red nipples, lovingly cupped by their owner’s hands. Across from that is another image, this time of a spread pussy. You’re about to close it when you notice the side with the second picture is slightly thicker than the first. Reaching behind the picture of the pussy, you find a folded note.

Pulling it out and unfolding it, you find a message. ‘Last known sighting: forest of magic, deep.’

You press the note back inside. Great, just when you’d discarded most of your secrets. You look back to the door as a droplet of Wriggle’s arousal falls from your chin. You’re alone and no more restrained than when you arrived. If you took off your heels, you could try to sneak outside while Wriggle’s away and Mystia’s asleep. They may have prepared for this, but you might never get another chance.

Or you could try checking the mirror now that Mystia’s asleep. You can probably do it without waking her, but even if there were no risk of irritating your captors, you have no idea what you’d find. Maybe it’s nothing, maybe it’s your ticket out, or maybe it’s a trap, possibly leading to some other predator’s domain.

Or you could just surrender completely. Do whatever they want and hope they treat you better after having their way with you. Just focus on keeping them content until someone hopefully saves you. Maybe offer a prayer to some unknown god for luck. Maybe they’ll at least stop locking you in weird stuff. 

After what you put yourself through with Wriggle, you’re not wasting a chance to do something. Spitting again in one last attempt to get that taste out, you haul yourself up into a sitting position, holding the wallet in your lap. You want to hold on to it, in case it contains some further secrets or information, but as the warming summer air hits your bare back, you’re reminded that you really have nowhere to put it. You could try just holding on to it, but you’d rather not have Mystia catch you with porn of another woman. No matter how thoroughly disinterested in it you yourself are.

Either you take it with you, risking everything just to hold on to something that likely won’t even help if you make it through, or you find somewhere to hide it so that if you’re caught, you still have a chance of salvaging things. In the end, it’s not even a real choice. Pushing against the floor, you haul yourself onto your unstable feet.

Mystia’s asleep and Wriggle’s gone. You’d like to think that gives you at least a few hours to do this, but you’re not optimistic enough to count on that. You need to get in and out now, while you still have the chance. You drop the wallet and kick it into a corner. No one should notice it immediately, and without Wriggle there’s nothing clearly connecting it to you anyway.

Walking as quietly as you can in these irritating, clacky heels, you approach the door and slowly, gently, turn the handle. Nudging the door open, you find that Mystia’s once more collapsed in her bed, this time on her side, with only her wings and ruffled hair poking out from the sheets. Wobbling a bit, you scoot toward the closet. Your heels clack against the floor as the silent toy shifts inside you. At least it’s not buzzing anymore. Glancing to the side, you catch Mystia’s wings twitch slightly, but nothing else. Click, clack. After a few more steps, you’ve finally reached the closet.

Pushing the door aside, you slip in. You muscle your way through her weird dresses, gingerly stepping over her toy chest. Finally, you stand before that mirror once more, confronted again by Wriggle’s insulting graffiti. Stepping to one side, you slide the mirror askew. Rotating it to face the side wall, you find something utterly bizarre.

A door. There’s a door on the backside of this pane of polished silver. Your heart leaps as the forbidden, sensuous feeling of hope rises within you. You yearn to shove those doors open and just plunge straight in, no matter what lies beyond. But your sanity reigns and instead you simply prod at the door, finding no obvious traps or dangers.

You put only the tiniest pressure on the handle. Then a little more. Now that you’re so close, you can’t stand the thought of screwing anything up. Increasing your effort in tiny increments, you slowly, eventually get the handle all the way down and push the door forward. It swings open and you step inside.

Your foot plunges, dragging you with it. There’s nothing on the other side. Your other leg crashes against the floor and sends you careening into a pitch-black abyss.

You roll and spin through the endless shadow. All around you, in every direction save for the rapidly fading, dim light of Mystia’s closet, is oblivion. Then a new light appears and, even through your chaotic, uncontrollable tumbling, you just manage to keep track of it. Soft, pale green peeks out from behind a pair of doors opening in the distance. Then another color, this time a dim red, cuts through the shadow.

Then the door you came from closes, sealing its light. Another light appears. Not a door, but a purple sphere. Light blasts out from it in a cascade of arcane bullets. Calling on your borrowed magic, you strain to push your body away. The energy moves, shifts, and even twists within you, but nothing happens.

The light from the bullets illuminates the realm around you, revealing an endless expanse of doors in every direction, often in the process of either opening or closing.

A bullet crashes into you, searing your back and throwing you aside. Thankfully, it managed to straighten you out. No longer spinning, you see a strange, amorphous floor beneath you, which you’re descending toward. You throw every ounce of will into moving and manage to shift yourself just barely out of the next bullet’s path.

A screech rips through the air, dragging your eyes to a distant door with a faint brown-ish shape rocketing toward you. In mere moments, it resolves into the unmistakable pink hair and odd wings of your captor. Mystia Lorelei’s closing in on you. Looking forward, you find a door opening, and by straining your power, shift your trajectory just enough to fall toward it.

You crash against the floating doorstep, wounding your already sore back as you tumble through an unfamiliar stone basement. Leaping to your feet, you trip on your stilted shoes, barely catching yourself. Standing back up, you lurch around toward the door and shut it. You turn away and plant your bare back against it, just as Mystia pounds into it. One thump, then two. Looking forward, you catch a familiar face, her stark-naked body strung taut in glowing red rings.

Nue stands before you, her wings missing and her wrists hanging in the air, her body slender and lithe, save for a pair of perfectly shaped breasts. Another pair of rings forces her legs apart. Red whip marks adorn the skin of her bare breasts and a similarly red hue burns across her likewise bare pussy.

She looks away, her face flushing. She squirms, then looks back at you, giving a sheepish, apologetic grin. She opens her mouth to speak, but no sound comes out. Then you notice the red ring around her throat.

An awkward silence falls. Nue twists her arms and legs but fails to accomplish much. She nods in your direction.

You raise your voice. “What…”

Nue shakes her head, then dramatically purses her lips. You place a finger to your lips, the cuffs dragging your other hand with it as you cock your head in question. She nods. Whispering, you continue.

“Do you need my help?”

She shakes her head again, firm and controlled. She flashes a cocky grin, before returning to a more somber expression. She nods toward you again.

You point to yourself, questioning. She shakes her head. Looking behind you, there’s just the door. You point to it. She nods.

“You want me to leave?”

She nods again, emphatic.

“I… can’t.” The thumping dies down and you sink to your ass in relief. “Someone’s chasing me back there.”

She stares at you, a mix of sympathy and exasperation. She strains against her bindings a few times, whether to break free, or for effect, you can’t tell. She nods to the door again, giving you this look. Like your mother telling you to eat your vegetables, or not to go outside after dark.

You raise your hands, in what you’d intended to be a placating gesture, only to be reminded that they’re still locked together.

“Is there any other way out?”

She mimes a heavy sigh. Small, paper lanterns give off a weak glow, barely illuminating the rows of heavy barrels to each side. One such row runs behind Nue to the corner of the room. You’re in a cellar meant to store drinks rather than prisoners, but there’s only going to be one other way out.

“I’m uh, sorry for getting you caught up in all of this.”

Nue scoffs, grinning again.

“Is there anything I can…”

Footsteps sound above you. You turn to Nue, whose eyes fly wide open.

“You really think I should…”

Nue nods, a touch frantic this time.

You get up, careful to retain your balance as you rise. You take a step back from the door and turn around. Maybe she’s gone now, maybe…

The door flies open, Mystia lunging toward you. She grabs the chain between your wrists and hauls you forward, all but throwing you with her back into the abyss.

Where once there was one ball firing out barrages, there’s now several. Swarms and cascades of bullets rain down upon you. And up to you, and from your sides. Mystia presses your head into her bare breasts, and your poor pussy’s ‘belt’ against her bare thigh. She soars through the void, jerking and weaving around the torrent of light.

The flowery scent of her flesh fills your nose again, but she gives you space to breathe, at least. As she presses something thick, long, and rubbery against your hair. She rolls through one barrage and sort-of ‘leaps’ over another. After a few more ducks and dives, she halts before another pair of doors. Lurching to one side, she throws it open and hurls you through a moment later.

Once the confusion dies down, you find yourself back in the close-

Not the closet. You find yourself in a strange room. It’s made of a different, lighter wood, possibly cedar. The room’s empty, apart from a lone futon in the corner, a pair of wide golden rings propped against the wall, and a simple door across from you. There’s a thin window near the top of the wall, letting in a small band of daylight. Mystia tumbles through a moment later, shutting the door behind her.

“Finally! Back…” She looks around, apparently as confused as you are. “What the hell? This was the exact door I came in through.”

While she’s catching her bearings, you drag yourself to the side. She’s not touching you, so if she can just spend a little longer orienting herself…

Her hands slam against the ground on either side of your shoulders. Something rolls across the floor nearby.

“You. You’re never going to want me, are you?”

Really? Is now the time for this? What does she… wait. There’s a ragged edge to her breathing, and though she's no doubt still stronger than you, her limbs sag. Even her eyes flutter once or twice. She’s tired and, if you could just put her back to sleep, you should be able to get away.

Still, you need a diversion. This is not a subject you want to talk about right now.

“I… I fucked Wriggle.”

Her eyes snap to you, narrowing.

“I mean, she made me do it. Harassed me until I gave in. And uh…”

Mystia scoots up, planting her bare, moist pussy on your stomach. She places a finger against your lip. “Well then, if you’re never going to want me, I might as well follow her example. There’s no real reason to wait, is there?” She slides a hand over your breast, giving it a light squeeze. “So, are you going to pleasure your fiancé, or do I have to take a more forceful approach?”

A quiet, solemn chant echoes nearby.

You can’t fight her, but you’ve left her home. You could try calling out and pray that whoever arrives is strong enough to take her on, but not another youkai. Or, if you calm her down enough, you might just get her asleep again and try to figure out where you are before you expose your presence to every local in earshot. Of course, looking at her now, you have doubts about how ‘calm’ you can get her.

On the other hand, if you could just distract her with something, you could make a break for the void door. She liked talking about when she met you, so maybe try and get her on that again. Hopefully she'll be unable to follow you through that kind of chaos again. 

You’ve been here before, pinned down by someone dead-set on your body, and so far, only one thing’s ever pulled you out before you’d satisfied your captors.

“Help! Somebody! Please- hlph!” Gripping your head, Mystia smothers you between her heavy breasts. The flowery scent of her skin stifles you as her firm breasts crash against the sides of your head. You press your hands against the smooth skin of her stomach and twist your body in a vain attempt to free yourself from the crushing confines of her bust.

Your lungs soon burn. Straining, you push back against her grip in a vain bid for breath and speech.

“Quiet!” Mystia bites out, bunching your apron up against her crotch as she slowly retracts her hands. As you pull back, sucking precious air back into your lungs, she presses a finger against your lips. “I swear, if someone interrupts us…”

“Somebody! Anyone! Please save m- ulp!” Mystia shoves a breast through your open teeth, burying it inside your lips.

“Shut. Up.” She mashes your face against it, then rolls your mouth around her breast, rubbing her nipple in circles against your tongue. She gives you a nearly withering glare. “Do you really want to do this?” Releasing one hand from your head, she hangs two fingers before your face. Sliding them just above your mouth, she pinches your nose. You try to jerk your head away, but both hands remain firm. Your muscles strain, but she keeps your airways sealed tight.

Pulling you by the nose, she drags your mouth in a few more circles around her nipple. You hear a quiet moan as your muscles burn and your lungs quake. She looks down on you, expression softening, as your vision swims.

Your body trembles as sensations fade.

Then, suddenly, she lets go. You collapse back to the floor, quaking. You wheeze, gulping in every bit of air you can as Mystia scoots up to your breasts.

“Pleah. S- oh… ome… one…” You strain, forcing out what you can between each gasping breath.

“We could have been the most adorable couple, you know. Maybe we could’ve even ditched Wriggle.”

Mystia scoots over your bust to settle her full thighs on either side of your head. The short, pink strip of hair above her pussy looms before you. You barely exhale your dread before the inevitable happens, as her full, puffy slit presses against your lips.

“Sorry, honey. But you just keep shouting. I kind of need to keep you quiet.”

She rubs her pussy against your lips, smearing you with the steady flow of her juices. You take a breath and push your head from side to side, seeking an opening. Mystia rocks her hips, smearing up to your nose with her arousal, before sliding back down.

“Hhph. Mh.” Nothing but muffled, incoherent noises make it through her pussy.

Then Mystia swings a leg out, flipping onto her back and dragging you with her. You’re pulled onto your chest, head still buried in her crotch as she loosens her grip. She strokes your hair as you pull back, resting on the soft flesh of her thigh, panting.

Gazing past her ample breasts, you find an almost mischievous smile.

“Ready, honey?”

You give a nervous smile back. Sucking in another breath, you part your lips to speak-

Only to have them shoved back against her pussy, vice grip pressed tight against your scalp.

“Aw, c’mon. You don’t have to keep trying that, do you?”

She rubs your nose between the lips, letting out a happy sigh. You plant your hands against the floor and shove upward. Your back arches, but your head fails to budge.

Then her thighs clamp together, rubbing against your head as she drags your face across her crotch to scrape against her pussy. Her scent and taste seep into your skin as she grinds against you.

Back and forth, she rides your face and bathes you in her arousal. She soon lets out heavy, almost moaning breaths as you feel sweat bead across her thighs. You twist and strain, beyond hope of freedom, but unwilling to simply surrender to the cage of her smothering muff.

Even as the first tremors travel down her body, she slows down and eases her thighs off you.

“H-hey, Naoko. You hate th-that belt, right? Help me out so we can take it off, okay? Give me some of your lov-vely tongue, would you?”

You shake your head. Her thighs smash back against you as she shoves your head back into her flesh. Her legs squeeze around you, bearing down on your skull. For a few, defiant moments, you hold firm. Then pain flares across your cheeks and your jaw threatens to crack under their mounting pressure.

Fear overtakes frustration and your tongue slides against her pussy. The pressure eases, but your head remains locked within her legs and her grip. You lick at her moist mound, easing into the taste of her terrible lust. She’s shaking as you sweep up and down her slit. Your tongue grazes her clit, ripping a stunningly deep moan from her lips. You give a few more passes, sending her into contortions, quakes, and heaving, panting breaths, then push in. The dripping lips part around your own wet muscle and it slips with ease into her canal. You shiver, squirming at the taste as you slide deeper in, probing for her sweet spot.

She’s quaking as her sweat seeps down your nose and cheeks. You pull your tongue back and pump it in once, then twice. The third push drags an almost trilling squeal out of her and her thighs beat against you, slamming against your skull until her voice dies back down and they fall limp. Her hand falls from your hair. Now free, you pull back, wincing at the fluids dripping from your face.

You pull yourself back, sitting up. For a moment you just sit there, stunned. Is that it? Certainly, you’re not exactly bothered by the thought of finishing so soon, or not being ‘pleasured’ yourself. Even if Mystia’s left you smothered in the smell and taste of her own satisfaction. At least it’s overcome Wriggle’s taste.

Now would be the time to run or call for help again. Or do something. You look around, spotting that thing Mystia had held. A shiny, purple, double-ended cock. Something she must have decided to pick up before pursuing you through that door. You look back to Mystia’s resting form, her wings sprawled out across the ground. She stirs.

Mystia stretches, sitting up. Blearily beaming at you, she pushes herself onto her feet. Her wings droop, but her but crotch still drips in desire. She steps toward you, wobbling slightly and bringing that dripping slit closer to your face. She crouches down to your level, still beaming. She holds up a small silvery key.

“Well, Wriggle and I both came now, so I guess you don’t need that terrible belt anymore, right?”

“I, guess not?” This should be wonderful news, so why has a pit formed in your stomach?

“Good.” She pushes your apron back up and takes a minute to stare at the writing on your thigh. “Oh, that cheeky brat~” She slides the key along the side of the belt, into a contraption where the ‘buckle’ would be. “Lie down so I can take it off, okay?”

Still oddly nervous, you lie down.

With a light twist, something clicks, and the strip pulls free. Fiddling with something, she loosens the metal bands of the belt and pulls it from your crotch. As she drags it down your legs, you slide your own hands to your pussy and with one of them, reach inside to grab that damn toy. Pulling it out, you’re surprised to find the round, pink object smaller than you thought.

You throw it away as Mystia pulls the belt from your feet. You let out a sigh, finally free of at least one trouble. Mystia steps away from you.

You close your eyes, sighing again in relief. It’s over. You’re safe for now.

Mystia picks something up. Looking to your side, you find her holding that purple cock. It bends toward the ground, bouncing slightly, as she walks back to you. Standing over you, she presses one head to her pussy. Your stomach drops as the head slips through her eager slit and the shaft travels up, bit by bit. That’s why she cared so much about your belt.

Hands bound in front of you, you wiggle your back to shift away from her. She grabs one of your legs, holding the other head of her toy cock in the other. You whimper as she positions it against your pussy. She yawns but remains fixed on your crotch.

“You- you’ve gotta be tired, right?” She can’t keep going, right? “We just had sex. How about you get some rest?”

Mystia shakes her head. “C’mon, Naoko. That was just the warm-up! Now…”

“I’m here! Who needed sa… ving?”

Mystia freezes. You crane your neck to catch someone standing behind you, with black-streaked, dirty blonde hair and a rack superior to your captor’s. She steps forward, bringing her long, crimson dress close to your head, draped over a pair of white pants. There’s a wet flop when Mystia’s dildo falls to the floor. She stands straight, shoving her arms across her rigid nipples and dripping pussy.

“No one. No one needs saving, right, darling?” Mystia turns to you, hinting a threat beneath her forced cheer.

“Please, save me.” You scoot away from Mystia. Something feels off about this new woman, something that reminds you of Kogasa, Kagerou, and Wriggle. But you can’t afford to reject any would-be saviors right now.

She levels what you’d like to think is a heroic glare at Mystia. “What’d you do to her?”

Mystia lets out a soft but shrill laugh. “Me? Nothing. She’s pulling your leg. Right, Naoko? You’re not leaving me again, right?”

“She took me away and made me…” You’re shaking, but you can’t quite bring yourself to continue.

The woman kneels. “Relax, I’m here for you.” Standing back up, she steps over you. You shut your eyes just as her legs cross over your head.

“Naoko! Wait, please! I- I’m sorry, okay? We can go slower ne…”

“She’s under my protection. Leave.”

With your vision blocked by the woman’s admittedly firm back and shapely ass, you can’t tell just what Mystia sees. But she jumps at the low, feral growl the woman lets out.

For a moment, Mystia cowers. She stammers, stops, then she bolts through that strange door, slamming it behind her. The woman turns around and crouches over you. She looks over your body, visibly wincing. Then she takes a sniff, scrunching her nose.

“Don’t worry, you’re safe in our temple.” She grins, cocky and proud.

She sits down next to you. “Name’s Shou. So, there uh… anything you wanna talk about?” She gives you a worried look, before turning her head away, blushing.

“Where am I?”

“Where are… you don’t know?” Shou looks out the window, face scrunched together. “What sort of villain…” She clears her throat. “You’re in Myouren Temple, the center of Buddhism here, and a refuge for all who suffer.”

Myouren, huh? That’s… not good. Mystia and Wriggle might have been better than here. You can’t stay here. But… It’s close to the village, where that monster lurks.

“Uh, thanks for saving me,” you give the brightest smile you can offer, “but I really need to go.”

“Not yet.” She fidgets. “Wait just a bit, okay?”

You shiver, backing away from her. “How, how long?”

“Just an hour or so, ‘kay? You need to rest and stuff, I think. Then we can take you to your friends or something.”

You relax. You’re still in danger, but she’s probably not planning to jump your bones. Yet. Still, there’s something you need to know.

“You’re a youkai, right?”

She blinks, rubbing the back of her head. “I uh, guess so. But don’t worry. On my honor, the honor of this temple, and my assistant, I swear I’ll protect you ‘till you’re ready to leave.”

That’s… chivalrous, you guess? But…

“Are there any humans that could take your place?”

She droops. “No, really. You’re totally safe with me. I’m not going to eat you or anything.”

You heave out a sigh. “Yes, I know.” Well, not necessarily, but that’s a topic for another time. “But you’re going to, well…” You clear your throat. “Seriously, is there anywhere else I can rest instead?”

She looks downright offended now. “Really, we’re not all ravenous beasts, you know. But…” She closes her eyes, scrunching her brow. Opening them, she continues, “I suppose the human village is-”

“Besides there.”

She cocks her head, visibly puzzled. “I guess I could take you down to the mausoleum? I think there’s someone who could shelter you there. But really, what is your trouble?”

“I, I make youkai want to… well, do what she just did. To me, that is.”

Shou’s silent, whether she’s concerned or simply humoring you, you can’t tell.

She hasn’t attacked you yet, so maybe she’ll be more like Nue? If so, you might be able to afford sticking around for a little while, but could you possibly count on the rest of the temple showing such restraint? On the other hand, any escape route now all but promises more youkai on the way.

For a moment, you just lie there. Between the looming dangers of Mystia and Kogasa, both escape routes hold the threat of youkai who’re already primed and waiting for the chance to fuck you. The temple, at least, should contain only youkai who’ll eventually try to rape you.

So long as that book runs free, the village is off-limits, and a return to any of the outlying farms would undoubtedly result in nothing but a repeat of last summer. Beyond that, there are a few outposts with humans powerful enough to ward off most youkai attackers. But even then, with places such as the Hakurei Shrine, there are just too many youkai who either visit or operate nearby.

Besides, as much as you’d love to have a personal one-on-one with the Hakurei Shrine Maiden herself, the thought of burdening her like that makes you sick.

Which leaves you with, having had your attempt to reach Okina collapse the moment you left the village, no option but to wait and pray someone takes care of that book soon.

In the meantime, you’re stuck in a den of soon-to-be randy youkai, with your wrists still cuffed, more than half your body naked, and nothing to protect yourself.

“Are you… feeling okay?”

You turn to Shou, who struggles to meet your gaze.

“I’m sorry, but I’ve never really…” she shrugs, more defeated than indifferent, “never really had to help someone with this sort of problem.”

“What sort of problem?”

She glances away, pressing a finger to your face and wiping a streak of fluid off. “Well, this.” She sniffs it, wrinkling her nose. “I guess I’m just trying to say that, well…” She sighs, wiping her finger on her skirt. “Well, that I’m here for you. If there’s anything you need to get off your…” she gives a brief glance to your chest, “anything you wish to say.”

“Actually…” There is something. You don’t want to talk about it, but you sure as hell need to. “About m-”

“Oh, just a second.” Shou jumps to the door, giving you a quick, embarrassed shrug. “Be right back!” She rushes through it, closing it behind her.

Damn it.

Well, at least you’re alone. For now. The futon lies, still untouched, in the corner. Near your legs lie the purple cock, still sticky with Mystia’s ‘excitement,’ as well as the belt she took off your crotch, and the pink ball you pulled out. You’d rather not have to see either of those toys again and worry they may give the locals certain ideas.

But that belt, well, it’s not like you have anything else to protect yourself.

Pulling yourself up, you slip your legs through the holes and grip it on either side of the buckle, stretching your cuffs as far apart as they’ll go. You slide it up your legs, and with a quick flip with one hand, slip it under your apron. Cold metal slides up your crack until the thick, heavy bands hover over your waist once more. You push the loose band back in, snapping the belt tight against your hips.

The chain between your wrists jingles as you tug at the belt’s edges. To your relief, it holds firm. So firm that you’re certain any attacker must be far stronger than you to break it.

Which has been at least half of the people to attack you.

Still, it might resist them too, and it’s better than nothing. Crotch guarded, you sit back down to plan. Grabbing the key Mystia used to open it, you flip it between your fingers. Idly, you angle one of your cuffs up, exposing the keyhole. You line the key against it and push, only for it to bump against the edge, incapable of sliding inside. You grumble, but you’re not shocked.

Honestly, did they even have to cuff you? What were you gonna do, scratch them? You flip the key around. The thought of forever trapping yourself in the belt worries you, but so long as you hold on to this key, your attacker could always just take it, then use it to undo your one barrier.

Flushed, you look up to find a only blank wall. The door you just came from has disappeared, leaving a featureless plane of smooth wood in its place.

Crap.

You’ll need to hold on to that key for now, and just pray you can find somewhere to hide it. Maybe you could…

The door opens. You twist around to find Shou striding back inside, her giant tits drawing your eyes as she carries a small bucket with one hand and a bottle with the other, with a small, thin brown blanket thrown over her shoulder.

“I figured you’d want to, well, get that stuff off.” She circles around in front of you, giving a faltering, awkward smile as she sets the bucket and bottle down beside her. Dropping the blanket behind her, she pulls a wet cloth out of the bucket. Giving it a squeeze, she leans forward, bringing it to your face. “Close your eyes, okay?”

“Ms. Shou, I appreciate the help, really. But you…”

“The youkai thing?”

You nod. “Even otherwise innocent youkai try to force themselves on me eventually.”

She falters. “Well, someone needs to help you clean up at least. You’ll let me do that, right?”

Nervous, you nod.

She pushes the cloth forward. You wince as the cool, plush fabric hits your cheek. She drags it across your nose to the other side, smearing sudsy water behind it. She slides it down, then toward your mouth. For a split-second, you panic, visions of black tentacles, metal rings, and your own panties filling your head. You lock your jaw, preparing to run. But it just passes over, moving up to your eyes. She swipes it across your face a few more times, then pulls back.

You open your eyes. She’s scrutinizing you, staring at your forehead.

You wince when she pushes the cloth back against it. She scrubs back and forth, pressing harder with each pass. Soon it feels like she’s trying to grind it into your skin. She pulls back, and you loosen your face from the grimace you’d adopted.

She sighs.

“It’s just not going away, huh?” She runs a finger across your forehead. “I’m sure Hijiri could get this out, be she won’t be back for awhile…”

Her breasts sway slightly, nudged by even the subtle motions of her arm.

“Seriously, I don’t think…”

“Here, take this.” She holds out the bottle, its cork already gone.

Hesitantly, you take it.

“I can’t clean her profanity off, but this should help get the taste out, right? Just take a sip.”

A part of you realizes this is a terrible idea. Accepting an unknown liquid from a youkai, given what your aura does to them. But you find it increasingly difficult to say no to such people. As if any sign of resistance will turn them into another Kagerou or Wriggle. Or another whatever-the-hell possessed Kosuzu.

You press the bottle to your lips and take a gulp.

It is refreshing, and it does do a decent job of washing Mystia’s residue down your throat.

“There, see? I’d like to say something like ‘all better now,’ but,” she glances at you, “that’d be a lie, wouldn’t it?”

You set the bottle down. “I guess so.” You sag. “But thanks. It’s… refreshing for, well, someone like you to help me, when…”

She looks toward the ceiling. “The youkai thing again?”

You look down. “It’s going to happen, you know. I can’t say how long it’ll take, but the longer you spend near me, the more likely it is take over… I think.”

“You think?”

You grumble. “Most youkai don’t attack me like that until we’ve talked or at least made eye contact a few times.” You turn to look at her. She’s looking more relaxed. Or maybe you’re feeling more relaxed? “But seriously. It’s going to happen. If you really want to help, you need to help me get out of here and take me somewhere that’s not crawling with youkai.”

She rubs the back of her head. “You know, I’m sure there are some youkai you can trust. But if you can’t go the village, where else is there to go?”

“I… I don’t know.” You sigh, defeated. It’s inevitable, isn’t it? Unless you can somehow find a haven in the village, there’s nothing that’ll prevent you from falling into the lap of another sex monster. Well, maybe if you snuck into Senkai or the Realm of the…

Back Door. That’s where you just came from, isn’t it?

God damn it.

Shou leans forward again, this time wrapping her arms around you. Her massive breasts threaten to choke you as she pulls you into a bear hug that squeezes the air from your lungs. Your skin heats up and you let out a wheeze, just before she pulls back. She pulls the blanket out and throws it across your shoulders. You realize it’s not a blanket just before she ties the threads across your collarbone. It’s a cloak. She tugs the edges, pulling them closer together to over your apron.

“It’s not perfect, but given your, uh…” she gestures at your hands, “restraints, this is the best I could do.” Your heart’s thumping. Not for love, but not from fear either. In fact, it feels a bit like that time with Nue.

She stands up, and you can’t help but watch the motion of her healthy, curvy thighs as she does so. Something’s wrong.

“Hey, I bet my assistant could get those cuffs off you. She’s really good at…” She trails off, her eyes resting on your crotch.

Then you feel it, moisture trickling out from behind your belt. Again. With nothing even forcing it out this time. You look back up at Shou, confused and flushed.

For a moment you just sit there, stunned. Then, in a flash, you clamp your hands over your crotch and lock your legs together. Your thoughts turn to a near-incoherent mush, every attempt to explain yourself or plan your next action derailed by the thought of having shown your… arousal? Having shown your lubrication to a potentially friendly, helpful stranger.

“I, uh, well, Mystia, she…” You raise your hands—forced again by those fucking cuffs to move them together—in a vague, grasping gesture. “She, uh…”

Shou gently pushes your hands back down.

“It’s okay.” She looks away. “A-anyway. I think you should stick around for now, I’m sure we can hold ourselves back for a few days, right?”

“Days?”

She winces. “It couldn’t act that fast, could it?”

You slump down. “A wolf youkai attacked me the moment we met.”

“Oh. Well, that’s…” She presses a finger to her brow. “But anywhere else would also have youkai. Look, I’ll just let everyone know that if they try to do anything weird, they answer to me, okay?”

Your skin burns, as the shivers fade.

“You sure that’ll work?”

She flushes. “It’s fine! Desire leads to suffering. To break free of samsara, you can’t go lusting after things. All that good stuff. Besides, do you even know why you effect youkai the way you do?”

You stop. “I… no, not really. If I knew, it wouldn’t be happening, would it?”

She shrugs. “Maybe. If it was some big rule of the universe, there wouldn’t be anything you could do, even if you did know, right?”

“I, guess so?”

She adopts a meditative posture. “Right. But maybe your energies or something are just acting strange. Then if you fixed them, it would stop happening, right? I could try and help you out with that, though Hijiri would be better suited for it.”

You look down at your cuffed wrists. You’d rather get these pieces of shit off, but a better understanding of your powers may be more useful in the long term.

“But I think you need something else right now.” A smile creeps up Shou’s face. Not lecherous or cruel, but silly. She holds up the bottle. “Booze!”

“…What?” Here? Now? Get drunk, surrounded by youkai? Wait, that didn't taste like achohol.

“Look, I can tell you’re not in the right place right now. Nothing’s better for what ails you than a nice, deep bottle of sake and a sympathetic ear.” She leans forward, planting a hand on your shoulder. “Trust me, once you’ve flushed out your worries and had a good rest, you’ll be thinking much clearer.”

“It’s morning.”

“Noon, actually. But if anyone deserves the go-ahead for some day-drinking, it’s you.”

You eye her, nervous. “You want to fuck me, don’t you?”

She sighs, drooping. “See? This is what I’m talking about. You need to be able to trust someone. And if you’re not in the village, that someone’s going to be a youkai.”

She… may have a point. You’re learning some things, but you’re still helpless on your own and, past the farms and village walls, humans are hard to find. Furthermore, your psyche’s taken a beating over the past several days which you’ve never really had a chance to work through. This might just be your only chance to do so without guaranteeing your partner follows up by fucking you.

But is it really worth the risk? If you need to wait, wouldn’t it be best to do so alone? You could always pray or something.

“Maybe later. You said you had an assistant that could help with these?” You extend your arms, presenting your chained wrists.

“Oh, right. That would be more pressing for you, wouldn’t it?”

“As much as I… appreciate your offer, yes.” The thought of drinking your troubles away tempts you, but first things first. Besides, you’re still not sure she doesn’t want to fuck you. Or that she won’t once her inhibitions drop.

Shou stands up, laying her hand on your shoulder. “You’ll be alright. Trust us, we can work something out.” She looks to the side, scratching her chin. “Actually, I’ve got an idea.”

She grabs your wrist and hauls you up.

“What, what are you doing?”

“This way.” She pulls you do the door. She is… way more powerful than you. “I’m not really sure if I can solve your problems, but…” She opens the door, pulling you into a tight hallway. “I know people who’re smarter and cleverer than me. If we all put our heads together, we’ll come up with something.”

“Wait! Wait. You’re showing me to the rest of the temple?”

“Well, I’m not sure showing is the right word, but yes, I suppose so.”

“Why? Didn’t you hear anything I just said?” You tug at her arm and set your feet into the ground. But you just stumble as she drags you along.

“Well, you did say it takes time for your power to take hold.”

“I said it usually takes time! Remember the wolf youkai? She attacked me immediately!”

Shou stops and turns to you. You relax your arms.

“If you stay here too long, we’ll all fall under your spell, right?”

You look down. “I, well, I think so.”

“And if you run? What happens if you meet someone so susceptible then?”

You look away. “She has her way with me.”

Shou resumes walking, dragging you with her again. “Right, so we need to take some chances. I’m the strongest youkai here, so I’ll step in if anyone gets weird, okay?”

“…Alright.”

Reluctant, you let her lead you to an open room with six rows of low tables, each long enough for about six or eight people to eat on at a time. A series of windows line the long wall across from you. She guides you to the nearest corner and lets go.

She pauses for a moment. “I’ll have Naz here in just a moment, okay? Just scream if someone gets weird.”

“Wait, what?”

…And she jogs off down a hallway on the opposite end, and even now you can’t help but note the way her breasts bounce on the way. You need to get your mind off feminine flesh before even your moments of respite start blending into your ever-growing list of traumatic attacks.

Unsure of what to do, you sit down at the nearest table and set your hands on it, cuffs clinking against the wood.

Birds chirp as a faint touch of incense wafts through the air. You draw your wrists apart, pulling the chain taut before they’re even parallel. You strain against it for a moment, then let them fall back together. You rub your thighs against the cool metal of your chastity belt. There’s still a faint ‘itch’ tugging at you.

“I promise, okay? Don’t worry about it.”

Your head flips to the distant hallway as two women walk out of it. One wears a dark hood atop a white dress, while the other wears what you barely remember as a sailor suit, complete with a cap and shorts.

The hooded woman speaks. “You don’t understand. The implications alone could destroy everything we’ve worked for.”

The sailor bops her on the head. The hooded one opens her mouth, then sees you and stops. She coughs, and the sailor follows her gaze. The hooded one gestures at something behind her, then walks up next to you.

Frowning, she leans over. “Are you okay?”

You shrug. “I’m… fine. Just fine.”

“Yo, what happened?” You turn to find her partner already sitting, cross-legged, on the table before you.

“A pair of youkai attacked me and carried me into the forest. Shou saved me.”

The hooded woman gives her partner a significant look, then sits down. “That’s what now? The fourth youkai attack around the village?” She turns back to you. “I’m Ichirin, by the way.” She gestures toward her partner. “This here is Minamitsu.”

“It’s Murasa, and hey, we don’t know it happened there.” Murasa flicks your forehead. “Hey, did those youkai write this crap?”

“Murasa!”

You swallow. “Yes. One of them liked… well, she liked to degrade me.”

Ichirin wraps a hand around your side. “I’m so sorry.”

“It’s fine. More importantly, and please don’t take this the wrong way, but you need to avoid me.”

Ichirin pulls back. Murasa just cocks her head. “What, you sick?”

You shake your head. “No. It’s just that, well…” no use hiding it, “I make youkai horny.”

“What!”

Murasa and Ichirin clamp down their ears, while you’re forced to settle with cupping one ear, one hand hanging below it.

“What, what was that?”

Murasa waves her hand. “That’s just Kyouko, don’t worry about it.”

“O…kay.”

“But seriously, ‘make youkai horny?’ Mind explaining that one?”

You look down, setting your hands back on the table. “There’s not much to explain. Any youkai who spends time with me eventually decides she wants to have sex with me.” You shiver. “By then, they never really bother asking for consent.”

“You’re saying you meet youkai, and they try to rape you.”

You shiver, slightly. “They, they don’t just try.”

“What, they’ve actually…” Murasa cuts off, looking guilty.

“Yes.”

Ichrin speaks up. “Say, miss, how many youkai have you met, who’ve… desired you?”

“At least a dozen. Beast youkai mostly, but they weren’t alone. There were even some fairies after me.” Which would’ve creeped you out, had you been doing anything other than fighting off or running away from bigger, scarier youkai at the time.

Murasa claps. “I getcha. You think we’ll turn on ya, right?”

“Yes.”

“Well-”

“’Scuse me, coming through.” A short, gray-haired woman with big mouse-ears on her head muscles between you and Ichirin. She drops a wallet-like parcel on the table and unrolls it, revealing a series of picks. Selecting a simple, slender one, she pulls it out and motions for your wrists. Hesitant, you offer it to her, which she takes. She rolls the cuff around your wrist, angling the keyhole up.

“Name’s Nazrin.” She slides the pick down the hole. “I’ve got crap to do, so let’s get this over with.”

She slides the pick back out, pushing it to one side on the way. “Mhm, mhm.” She slides it back down, then up.

Murasa rocks from side to side. “What’s yer name and where’re you from, by the way?”

“I’m Naoko. Do you know the Hondas?”

Murasa and Ichirin look to each other, then both shrug.

“Nah. Not really.”

“Oh. Well, we work a farm a few hours south of the village.” You stop, thinking. “But the village itself is where I’ve lived the past year.”

Nazrin grabs a second pick and pushes it against the first, still inside the hole. She drags the first back out, then slides it back in, keeping the second positioned like a lever.

“That’s pretty far out isn’t it?”

Ichirin broods.

There’s a click, and your cuff pops open. You pull your wrist free as Nazrin reaches for your other cuff. You lean back, supporting your weight with your newly freed hand.

“It’s near the bamboo forest, but it’s not too close. I think.”

Ichirin perks back up. “Do you know the names of anyone who attacked you?”

“Well, the first two were Kogasa a-”

“Kogasa? Are you certain?”

“Yes.”

Ichrin quiets down. “After that, did anyone attack you in the village?”

“Yes. A, uh… a book.”

“Yo, Ichi, watcha thinkin’?”

Ichirin mutters something under her breath, before a grin bursts across her face. “Murasa, we have an explanation for the attacks. This will fix everything. We just need Ms. Honda to come with us to the v-”

“No.”

The two turn to you. With another click, the remaining handcuff falls from your wrist. Nazrin puts the picks back, rolls up their container, and takes the cuffs. “I’m done. Bye.” Before you can thank her, she walks off down the hallway Ichirin and Murasa came from.

“Why not? You said you had to go, the human village is better anyway…”

“The book’s still there. It’s why I left.”

“You left?”

“I…” You didn’t explain that, did you? “Yes, I left. That’s how Mystia caught me. Besides…”

There’s a crash. Moments later, someone sprints through the distant hallway, rushing toward you. Soon, a small woman with floppy dog ears pounds into the room. She skids to a stop near Murasa.

“You! Why’re you lying about Mystia?”

Stunned, you just stare back at this girl, broom clutched in her hand.

“You know her?”

“She’s my friend! And bandmate!”

You shrink back. “I didn’t lie! But if it helps, she might not have had a choice…”

The loud dog girl stops. “What?”

“Normally it only takes a few days, at most, for youkai to fall for me. We first met more than a year ago. The aura’s effect could’ve built to impossible strength since then.” You decide not to mention that she also tried to rape you back then. Or that by such logic you’d have swarms of youkai hunting you down by now. “Maybe it was impossible to fight.”

“Your aura?”

Murasa snorts. “Her youkai seducing aura.”

“Oh, right.” The dog girl pouts. “I still think you just don’t like Mystia. If you can super-powerfully seduce youkai, then do it on me!”

“What?” Does she have any idea what she’s even asking?

“I said do it on me. Make me rape-y.”

She’s kidding, right?

“Kyouko? Don’t you think that’d just make things worse?”

“I…” Could you do that? You’ve never tried. “I can’t. If I had any control over my aura, she never would’ve attacked me.” Either way, you sure as hell are not about to find out.

“Do you think we’re also vulnerable?”

“You are. That’s why you shouldn’t stay too close.”

“But you're not goin’ back to the village?”

“No.”

“Then what’s yer big plan?”

“I… I’m not sure. If someone takes care of the book soon, I can return to the village. But if that doesn’t happen, I’ll eventually need somewhere to go before I turn you all into… well, criminals. Do any of you know how to get to Senkai or the Realm of the Rear Door?”

“I’m heading to the village soon. I suppose I could talk to one of the hermits, but this book sounds like a more pressing concern.”

“Yeah, I’m sure we can handle whatever sexy powers you’ve got for a few hours. ’Sides, I’m kinda busy right now, but I’m sure Kyouko could help ya look around or something. Can’t promise you’ll find anything helpful, though.”

“I’m not helping ‘till she proves she wasn’t lying!”

“Oh, there you all are.” Shou walks back in. “Have they been helpful?”

“If you seek the Realm of Rear Doors, a visit to the Hakurei Shrine might be best.”

Shou sits down next to Ichirin. “Are you feeling better?”

“I am, thank you.”

“The drink’s still on offer, by the way. As is the training.”

“Hey, if you’re drinking, I’ll join ya.”

Ichirin frowns. “You said you were busy.”

“Yeah, but this is different!” Murasa turns to you. “’Sides, I know where Hijiri keeps the good stuff.” She stops. “Oh, hey, Shou. Naoko here says you had to fight Mystia off her. That true?”

“Mystia? Who was that again?”

“My friend! Someone who’d never do something like that!”

“Well, the attacker had fluffy pink hair and a night sparrow’s wings…”

Kyouko twitches. “But she didn’t actually try to rape her, right?”

Shou visibly sweats, offering a tight smile. “Well, if she didn’t, then she did a very good job of making it look like she did.”

Kyouko sulks. “Couldn’t have been Mystia. She’d never do something like that.”

You glance at Kyouko, who huffs and looks away. You’ve no idea how to adequately comfort her, given you yourself are the victim of her ‘friend,’ but you’d really rather she doesn’t fall for you while she’s still upset.

On the other hand, you still need to do something about your inability to fight off even weak youkai. And you still need a chance to rest your bruised and battered mind. 

“Miss Shou. You said you’d be willing to help train me?”

Shou blinks. “Oh, yes. Just a second.” She turns to Murasa. “Could you talk to Kyouko for a bit?”

“You kiddin’?” She looks to Shou, who shakes her head. “Urgh, fine. Come with me, kid.”

“Hey! They haven’t apologized yet!”

“Yeah, yeah. You gotta give ’em some space ’fore they’ll do that.” Murasa pushes Kyouko back toward the distant hallway.

“Come on, this way.” Shou moves down to a nearby doorway.

Getting up, you walk after her. Ichirin gives you a slight bow before she goes back down the hall you came from, followed by a thick, pink mist. Shou takes you to another doorway, in between the other two. She guides you through a couple corridors, plain and empty, save the occasional door. After a few more turns you find yourself stepping into smooth, soft grass. There’s no roads nearby as far as you can see, so this can’t be the front entrance.

She sits down against the wall of the temple. “What do you know?”

You glance around. Despite the warmth of the air, you can’t help but shiver as it blows through your cloak, to the otherwise bare skin beneath. Maybe you should’ve made a point to get properly dressed first, but really, does it even matter? Even this’ll be ripped off at any moment, anyway. At least it hides most of your body.

“There’s this power inside me, and I can move it around. But I can’t get it to do anything.”

Shou nods, somehow a bit too solemn. “Then we should start with the basics.” Her face splits into a grin halfway between confidant and goofy. “Now, take a deep breath and let it out, okay?”

You breathe in and out, once. Thoughts float, unbidden, to the surface, of the legs, breasts, and asses that choked your lungs. You wheeze.

“It’s okay. Just clear your thoughts and try again.”

You close your eyes, shutting the thoughts out as you take in another breath. Wings and antennae swim through your head. In, out. In, out. A purple umbrella. In, out. Slowly, the images bleed away entirely.

“Good, good. Now, you can feel your energy, correct?”

You nod, eyes still shut as you fight to keep your mind clear.

“Great. Now, this isn’t really how summoning bullets works, but I hear it makes it easier for beginners. What I want you to do is gather that energy into your shoulder.”

Shoulder? Well, it’s not like you’ve anything to lose. Concentrating, you focus on the vitality inside you and drag it up and to one side. Without something to smash it against, it’s a bit like pulling at a thick soup. And yet you manage to gather a decent amount.

“Ready?”

You nod.

“Good. Now, pull that arm back like you’re going to punch someone.”

You pull it back.

“Now, throw that power down your arm and punch!”

You punch forward, hurling the energy down and out. You open your eyes as the punch finishes, releasing nothing more than a light, pink dust. Shou’s nowhere to be seen.

You turn rigid as a hand slides along your shoulder.

“Excellent effort, but let me help you out a bit. Kneel down just a tad, okay?”

Still stiff, you lower your knees into a not-quite squat.

“Good. Now,” she nudges your spare arm slightly, then adjusts your hand, “when you fling your power out, I want you to imagine you’re firing an arrow, okay?”

You nod.

“Alright, go.”

You gather the energy back, then punch. A small, glowing pink heart floats away from your fist.

Your face burns. You’ve finally fired out a bullet, and it just has to remind you of the very thing you’re trying to escape.

“Oh. Wow. That was… fast. It’s as if you’ve been practicing.” She doesn’t mention its shape or color.

“…Is that it?” You force a slight cheer to your voice. Moping can wait ’till you’re in fighting shape. Besides, this does give you the beginnings of a chance to fight back.

“I’m afraid one bullet won’t be enough, even for a fairy, but just getting here’s the hardest part. Are you certain you’ve never practiced before?”

“Well, it’s complicated.”

“Oh?” Shou steps around you, and returns to the wall, sitting down. “Then keep practicing. If you keep firing those off, you can start building a pattern.”

Well, nothing for it. You throw another punch, flinging out a misshapen heart. You throw another, and another. You start alternating hands. At first about every other heart either comes out weak and misshapen, but soon, most punches throw out proper, heart-shaped bullets.

“Do I need to keep punching?”

“Hm? Oh, no. That’s just ’cause humans have trouble thinking the right way. Once you get the hang of it you can stop using your body completely.”

You throw a sort-of half punch. It flings out a proper heart, but it flies slower. After the next few half-punches, you get their flight speed to about what you got from the full throw.

“So, Naoko, what’d you mean by complicated?”

“Do you remember the book?”

“The one that attacked you?”

“Yes. Before it lost, it wrapped me in these horrible magic rings. I used my power to get out.” That and a familiar contract you’d rather not get into right now. And… Shizuha. You really hope she’s okay.

“Hm… Ah! Look out!”

Something twinkles in the sky. You leap to the side just as a giant, shimmering blue anchor crashes beside you.

“Ho, ho, ho. Lady Naoko! I challenge ya to a duel. Defeat me, or I’ll claim yer booty for myself.”

“Murasa, weren’t you busy?”

What? You look to Shou, who shares a look with the green spectre atop the anchor, then gives you a shrug.

No. No, no, no. There’s no way you could win.

“I refuse!”

The anchor shimmers away, and the figure vanishes with it.

A light but calloused hand pats your ass. You leap forward, spinning around to find Murasa standing before you. You glance to where the anchor was, then back to her. She turns green and disappears again, just before one hand grips your shoulder as another slides down your back.

“Are ya sure ya wanna do that? Just surrender yer body to me?”

Shou lets out a low growl. “Murasa…”

You sigh, defeated. “What difference does it make?”

Murasa shoves you forward. You turn around again, almost tripping, to catch a fierce stare from her.

“It ain’t gonna be any worse if ya try an’ fail, so quit bellyachin’ and fight me.”

You just stand there for a moment, perplexed. None of your attackers acted like this. And why isn’t Shou doing anything? Didn’t she promise to protect you? Has she already given in? Is she planning to use your body once Murasa’s done?

So that’s it, then. You’ve barely even met them, and they’re already pulling this shit. No matter what you do, you’ll play into their hands.

So, fuck it.

You throw a hard punch, shooting out three hearts in a trident pattern, the center one aimed directly at Murasa. They zip forward, but she just sidesteps between them, breaking out in a grin. In a split-second, a giant wave of greenish-blue bullets form and fire toward you.

You duck, dropping low to the ground. The bullets whiz past your head, as you fire off two more three-heart barrages. The crappy angle has them miss without Murasa even moving. You step up, just in time to catch another giant anchor sailing toward you.

You leap to the side as Murasa vanishes. You whirl around and fire a trio of bullets at the green specter appearing behind you. They sail straight through.

You jog backward, firing more hearts out. One connects, staggering her.

“Heh, got one in.” She grunts, audibly winded. All that from a single bullet? You fire off another volley, which she dodges. You build up your power and unleash a stream of bullet after bullet, aimed directly at her.

She glides to one side, dodging your bullets as she conjures another anchor. She spins it around herself, accelerating as she goes. You’re still jogging when she flings it out, low to the ground.

On gut instinct, you plant your feet and leap directly upward. You clear the anchor, but only then do you realize you’ll crash into it before it passes. You shut your eyes and flail your arms as you gather what energy you can to just try to hold yourself aloft for a single, precious second or two.

For one single instant, your mind turns to the inevitable moment when you lose and Murasa claims her prize. Then to all the youkai who’ve done that before. From the furry thighs against your cheeks and the fluids they forced down your throat, to the tongues and toys they shoved inside you.

In one last, desperate effort, you take your power and push.

Panic surges as your foot grazes the energy of the phantom anchor, but you stop. You open your eyes as the anchor sinks behind you and disappears. Into the ground you’re no longer standing on.

“Naoko, you did it! You’re flying!”

You whirl on Shou, your focus cracking.

“Yeah, but ya still gotta beat me, kid. Or I’ll, uh, touch your pussy!”

You fall to the ground and, barely holding yourself together, you gather your power together.

“Murasa, do you really have to keep playing that character?”

Maybe you can still pull this back. Still save what little’s left of your purity. You fire everything you have at Murasa in a single blast. Murasa doesn’t even try to dodge as a pink, heart-shaped beam erupts from you.

It slams into her, eliciting an ear-shattering scream.

Shou looks to her, horrified, until the scream turns to something that horrifies you. Ecstasy.

You stagger backward as energy drains from your body. What have you done? You fall to your ass, still scooting back. Murasa collapses as well, crying out in pure satisfaction.

“W-what happened?” Your voice trembles.

Shou looks between you and Murasa, more confused than upset. “She- I don’t know.”

“Ya gotta learn this,” she moans, shaking, “this stuff the right way.”

Shou huffs. “We were doing it right!”

“No, ya weren’t.” She pants. “It’s all about,” she gulps, “all about…”

Shou looks away as Murasa passes out, still shivering.

Exhausted, you collapse back to the grass.

The first thing you feel is a pair of soft lips, pressed against your own. Someone’s knee presses into your crotch, as her heavy breasts press against your more moderate bust, grinding you into the coarse bark behind you. Soft, fluffy tufts of hair graze your cheeks as your eyes finally open.

A thick canopy hides her features from the full moon’s pale light until she pulls back, licking her lips. Pink hair, fluffy ears, and those odd wings. Mystia. Glancing around, you find a break in the trees nearby. You know that fence, and you know that growing barley field. Mystia wraps an arm around your back.

She gives you a pitiful frown. “You don’t seem very happy to see me.”

“Well, I’ve just been thinking. There’s this other fantasy I have.” You’ve been here. “But I’m sure you’d hate me if you heard about it.” She wouldn’t – they never do. But it makes a decent excuse.

“How could I hate you, silly? Just spill, I’m sure we could work it out.”

This was always the challenge, back then. You needed something suitably exotic to justify your trepidation, but not too weird in case this youkai finally got you.

“Well, I always wondered what it’d be like to have a cute girl lick chocolate off my naked body.”

Details were important. You didn’t need to know what you were saying–you only learned what chocolate was months later–but it had to sound lewd enough to distract them, to get them all hot and bothered, and forget to ‘secure’ you in some way.

“Well, now that you mention it, that sounds great! I’ll get us some chocolate right now.”

Her knee leaves your crotch as she jumps backward. With one hard flap, she rockets through the canopy and into the air. You wait a few moments to make certain she can’t see you. Then, satisfied, you jog back into the open field. You need to get back inside before more youkai find you. And before Mystia returns. It’s only when you start pushing through the barley that you remember why this is so familiar.

You’re back home, on the last night of terror. The night when she came. 

The night when she… when…

Who was she? What was she? Was it a she?

Yes. You still remember that girly laugh. Light, careless, and a touch childish, but undoubtedly feminine. The underlying voice was plenty matured, but the way she laughed was just so…

Your obi loosens on the way back.

Which was the first thing to go wrong, though you didn’t realize it until… just now. Huh.

This was your second escape from Mystia, which itself had been one of the key reasons you fled to the village; old attackers had started appearing alongside the new ones each night, more determined each time. Mercifully, this mystery woman was the last youkai to attack you this night.

You move forward, feeling that growing, amorphous dread. Something you realize must have come, at least in part, from the way your kimono now flows to your sides, exposing your legs and belly.

The cool night air brushes past your bare skin. You stop at the house wall, resting your back against it and wrapping your arms around yourself, beneath your breasts. Here was when you first decided something was, in fact, wrong. Which may have had something to do with the bra sliding up to your neck, your breasts popping free.

Whoever attacked you had the power to screw with your head. And she’s here, somewhere, watching you. You throw your gaze left and right, finding nothing but quiet, darkened fields and distant trees.

Your kimono slips off your shoulders, catching on your clenched arms.

Where the hell is she?

You rub your arms as goosebumps build across your skin. It’s funny, back in the village, you often wondered just why you ever found her so uniquely terrifying, and yet you thanked your stars every day that no matter how difficult everything got, at least you knew she wouldn’t be there.

Now, you worry your celebrations may have been… premature.

You stand back up, walking alongside the wall. Your arms fall to your sides, letting your kimono fall right off.

Is she a puppet master of some kind? A hypnotist?

With each passing moment, you grow more tense, yet mixed in there’s a strange sense of nearly detached curiosity. Just who is it that’s done all this to you?

You catch the back door passing by the edge of your vision. You hadn’t even been trying to get back inside. Now the fear’s building in earnest. Even though you know what happens here, you’re starting to realize just how hopelessly, pathetically outmatched you were. Had it not been for Ayame, there’s not the slightest question as to how this night would’ve ended.

But what’s worse is what happens when this vision ends. She could be out there, right now. She could show up and take you away without even you yourself noticing.

You shiver, teeth chattering.

Your panties slip down, falling to your ankles. Your next step trips on them and you lurch forward, barely catching yourself. But rather than notice the obvious and try to put them back, you just pull one leg out and continue, dragging them behind you.

You circle around to the front when you start to feel an ‘itch’ between your legs. A soft-spoken but insistent request to rub your pussy. You clench your hands, holding them tight by your bare thighs. Last time, your hands had wandered long before you gave even the slightest thought.

You stand still as desire throbs and your body shakes. Heat pools and burns in your belly as your breath degrades into ragged, panting heaves. And yet you hold firm, even as your hands wrap around your…

You give one breast a light squeeze, almost choking on the searing pleasure that single act forces upon you. In the confusion of that blinding bliss, your spare palm scrapes against your pussy.

“Uh, lady, do you want some help?”

Your eyes jerk forward. That’s her. Moisture trickles down your hand as you scan the open fields. Where is she?

A finger pokes the breast you’re not already groping. It pokes again.

“So soft…”

You still see nothing, even as the hand moves to grasp your tit. It squeezes once, then twice. You’re shuddering, but still standing. Barely. Another hand bats yours off your own breast as she grabs both, hefting.

She rolls your breasts around, then bounces them. Gritting your teeth, you force your slick hand from your slit to grab at her wrists. Despite the growing haze, and a few failed guesses, you find and latch onto them. She doesn’t even slightly resist you, yet it takes every fiber of your being to shove her hands away, even for a moment.

And she just flicks her wrists, breaking your focus and knocking your hands to the side. She wraps her arms around you, burying her head in your naked bust. Your hands return, sliding up and down her back. Her still-clothed back.

That’s a good thing, right?

She steps back, looking up at you. At least, you get the impression that’s what she’s doing. She lays her hands on your shoulders, nudging you down. You drop to your knees, bringing your face almost level with hers. She leans in, wrapping her fingers in your hair and you already know where this is going.

Her lips brush against yours, strangely hesitant.

Then her head all but crushes yours against the wall behind you as her lips mash against you and her breath almost smothers your nose.

Crickets chirp, crops rustle, and the back door still creaks, as this girl’s lips slowly suffocate you. This, this you remember.

Her whole face seemingly tries to grind your head into the wall as her face wiggles just slightly. You fight against her, struggling just to remain upright under the sheer weight of her might. Your eyes flutter.

In retrospect, it’s a small mercy she never brought her tongue into play, so at least you need not worry about choking on it. But it’s a cold comfort as your very jaw threatens to buckle beneath her and your breaths come in ever shrinking, ever more desperate, wheezing pulls.

Your muscles quake, moments before your strength fails entirely, and your body falls limp in her arms. The hands buried in your hair keep you upright as she finally pulls back. She lets go, your ass crashing into your heels as your head bangs against the wall, jarring your body back to action.

You sit there a moment, dazed and coughing. Your lungs rattle, forcing precious air back through your body as she stands over you. You can’t tell whether it’s the headache or her weird mind powers, but you can’t make out more than vague colors. There’s a black splotch somewhere around where her head’s supposed to be. Below that she’s yellow, then green. Then a pair of hazy pale lines, which might be her legs.

She leans over. “Are you okay?”

You wheeze. Your air’s coming back, and she’s losing one of her biggest tricks. Just keep her relaxed, and…

The dark splotch drops near your chest.

“Hey, lady. What’s your name?”

“Naoko,” you take a breath, “Naoko Honda.”

“Good to meet you then, Naoko’s tits.”

She wraps her lips around your breast, flicking the nipple. Your hands jump to your mouth, fighting down a hungry moan. Your body begs for a release you that can’t bear to let your family hear.

Distantly, you realize that letting them hear this would be your best chance of escape, but the fear and shame overwhelm your waning sense.

Her tongue stills as she clamps her lips down, sucking on your nipple. You’re sweating and shaking, your hands struggling to maintain their hold over your lips. Then a hand wanders over your mound, giving only the slightest, gentlest rub across it. You choke back a scream as her bare, token ministrations push you ever closer to release.

Your vision and hearing fade out, lost in the burning haze as your breath hitches and your body heaves. Light, gentle fingers ghost over your pussy, barely touching the mound as she sucks from your breast.

It’s enough to drive you insane.

Then her lips break free. You let out a hissing gasp when her hand bumps against your clit. She scrambles away from you. You let out a groan, the haze clearing as you drop, frustrated, from the edge. The blurs and blotches that make up your captor twist and fret.

Still shivering, you pull yourself back to your feet. You shuffle along the wall, moving your weakened knees as fast as they’ll take you. Fluid trickles down your leg, already leaving a long, sticky trail down one side.

“Wait!”

Her arms wrap around your waist, pressing you to her humble bust.

“Don’t go. Please.”

Is she scared?

You strain and squirm, but you already know where this sort of fight leads. You take a deep breath, preparing to scream.

It comes out in a quiet, whispered cry.

You try again, and once more you merely whisper.

“Naoko!” Your captor flinches. “Naoko, where are you?”

Ayame’s here. You’re saved. Your captor turns around, and you find Ayame walking toward you, smooth black hair flowing out behind her dark, reddish nightdress. A smile bursts across her face and she runs to you.

She wraps her arms around you, burying her face in your shoulder.

“There you are. You’re okay.” She pulls back, looking down your body. “Um, sister? Why are you naked?”

Your captor speaks up. “’Cause she’s been stripping.”

“What… Naoko, who did this to you?”

“It’s not, I didn’t…” She did it. The youkai latched to your back made you do it. So why can’t you just tell her? Why can’t you tell your own sister what this girl did?

Ayame looks away, fidgeting. “It’s okay. We’ll figure it out later.” She looks back. “Anyway, let’s go inside, okay?”

“Nu-uh!”

Ayame turns to look over your shoulder, apparently noticing your captor for the first time. Her eyes harden.

“You’re trying to take her away, aren’t you?”

“Not my fault. She wants to be taken away, don’t you, Naoko?”

You open your mouth to answer, but your tongue sticks to the bottom of it. You let out a few broken, incoherent sounds, but can’t bring yourself to state even something this obvious.

Instead, you shake your head, imperceptibly.

The girl retains her grip around your stomach, and Ayame stares at you, waiting for the obvious answer. Just a simple word, or a simple, visible shake, and you’re free.
But you can’t do it.

No matter what, you just can’t tell her ‘no.’

“Uh, hey. Naoko’s friend.”

“I’m Ayame, her sister.”

“Cool. Wanna fuck her?”

“Excuse me?”

Oh, thank goodness. This youkai’s done your work for you.

A pair of fingers slides between your lips, clamping around your tongue and dragging it back out. Keeping your tongue pinched between her fingers, she continues.

“I bet this would feel really good inside you.”

Ayame steps back a pace, stunned. For a moment, she just stares at you. Or your captor; it’s hard to tell. The she raises her gaze to the moon, planting a hand on her chin, as if she’s…

As if she’s considering it.

“No, I couldn’t. It’d be too wrong. Sick, even.” She twists her shoulders from side to side. “I really shouldn’t…”

Oh no. Oh dear stars and harvests, NO.

You part your lips to tell her off for even considering it, but nothing comes out beyond a quiet mumble, muffled by the fingers still gripping your tongue. This never happened. Despite all the fuzzy uncertainties, you’re goddamn certain your elder sister never considered such a revolting idea.

“Well, okay.”

You shiver, goosebumps cascading across your skin. You feel so cold. Why? How could she? How…

“But,” Ayame looks directly at you. “I'll be the one to pleasure her. I'm certain you could accept that, right, sister?”

“No!” Your captor squeezes you just below your breasts. “I get her pussy.”

Ayame steps forward again, her breasts not quite pressed to your face. She stares across your shoulder. “I guess we’ll need to work something out then.”

Your captor lets go, bumping you into your sister’s rack. She takes a step back. You see the road not too far away. If you could…

No. No time to think. You duck between your captors and leap toward the road.

Then choke on a leather collar, fixed around your neck, and crash back to the ground between them. Looking up, you find the youkai holding your leash.

“Hey, Naoko, you’re fine with pleasuring your sister, right? I mean, I know you just licked someone else’s pussy, but you can do it again, right?”

…What? No. No you didn’t. The first time you had outright sex with anyone was a year later. Why on earth is she…

“We do have a few toys, you know. She wouldn’t have to lick anyone’s privates.”

Just hearing those words from your own sister makes you want to vomit. You’re certain your proud elder sister’s still hiding somewhere in there. If you could just bring it back out, you’re certain she’d save you. But then, if you fail, she’s still fucking you. If you gave yourself up to the youkai, you’re certain you could at least convince her to ditch Ayame. It’d be certain rape, but no incest, at least.

Alternatively, this is still a dream or something. If you could just focus hard enough, you might wake from it before anything more disgusting happens. Of course, staying focused while a strange youkai and your own sister try to fuck you could prove to be beyond your abilities. 

No, calm down. Just calm down. You know you’re dreaming, you just need to break out. Just think about…

“Anyway, my sister’s pleasure comes first.” Ayame leans down, offering you her hand. Distracted, you accept it, letting her haul you back up. Spinning you around, she faces you back toward the youkai. Then she plants her hands beneath your breasts, not quite cupping them. “If you’re going to touch her, you will make her feel loved.”

The youkai leans down, looking back up to you, quizzical.

Is this… is that how your aura affects your sister? Or how she justifies it?

No. No, this is just a dream. Just a nightmare. Ayame’s not like this. She’d never do any of this. It doesn’t matter that you feel her breath on your neck, or the gentle movement of her chest behind you. None of this is real.

“Uh, hey, Ayame…” You force an awkward chuckle.

“Hm?”

“I appreciate your thoughts, really. But maybe I’ll enjoy it most if uh… well, I’m sure the youkai can take care of me just fine on her own, right?”

You haven’t given up on ditching Ayame yet. Besides, there’s not much that makes your genitals drier than the thought of fucking your sister.

The youkai spins around. “Oh, I dunno… I bet she knows your body super well.”

Ayame slides a hand down, rubbing circles across your stomach. “I agree. Besides, if she’s going to touch you like that, she’s going to do it right.”

“No, no. Seriously. Ayame, I-”

“Naoko.” Her voice drops, adopting a tone of stern disappointment. You swallow, but don’t respond. “I will make you feel good.”

You gulp. “Okay.” You know what that voice means, and you’re not in any position to fight her right now. Still, if you’re going to wake up, you need a chance to focus. “But could you let me be the one to pleasure you, then?”

“Hey, hey. Ayame, how ‘bout you just take her butt?”

Ayame hums, a touch of curiosity in her voice. Her hand slides up your breast, flicking your nipple. “I appreciate your thoughts, Naoko. Really, I do. But like I said, what matters is your pleasure, not mine.” The hand on your belly slides to your ass.

“Please? Ayame, I really want to do this.” Utter bullshit, but this nightmare won’t end itself, and every bit of ‘pleasure’ will just make it that much harder to escape.

The hand on your belly slides to your ass, giving it a gentle pat. “I’ll let you do whatever you want. After you cum. Now be a good girl, okay?”

“Please?”

“No.”

Tingling revulsion crawls up and down your body at her caresses. You’re going nowhere with this.

You shut your eyes and recall the grass and energy bullets you left.

Her hand glides up your back, rubbing your side. “Now, as to your offer, youkai… I’ll think about it. But first, I have a sister in desperate need of some love.”

Focus. Training with Shou. Punching, then bullets. Grass, open air, and that hand along your…

The hand slides back down your hip.

The anchor. Terrifying blue anchor. All those bullets. C’mon. Come. On!

She twists your head to the side. Smooth, wet lips push against yours, loving and tender.

The bullets and anchors melt away and, reluctantly, your eyes flutter open.

Ayame pulls back, giving her lips a single, delicate lick.

Your throat trembles. You want to say something. Anything. Just make her stop touching you.

She moves back in, gently kissing you once more. Your body goes rigid. Her lips slide to one side, then the other, as her hands slide along your back. Keeping one hand pressed to your cheek, she rubs up and down your stomach.

Then her lips part.

Her tongue slides out, slipping inside your mouth. It pokes against your tongue, playful. You recoil back, folding your tongue against your throat, but she inches forward.

You feel the youkai’s hot breath on your pussy, breathing it in like some gourmet dish.

Ayame’s hand wraps around your breast, giving it a single, light squeeze as the youkai smashes her face against your crotch, pressing you between her enthusiastic lips and your sister’s firm body.

Ayame’s tongue retracts and she pulls back just slightly.

“You trust me, right, sis?”

You look into her eyes. They’re gentle and supportive.

“I trusted you not to do this.” This isn’t her. This can’t be her.

Ayame winces. “It’s okay.” She massages your butt. “We’ll make you feel great. Right, youkai?”

The youkai gives your pussy a single, short lick. No, you can’t do this.

You grab Ayame’s hands, pulling them off your ass. You shove them away, then reach forward to pull the youkai away, only for your wrists to catch on your back. Her tongue slides up and down your slit as a pair of metal cuffs dig into your back, held together by…

A short chain between your wrists. As the youkai slobbers over the outer folds of your pussy, you strain your neck over your back, finding a familiar pair of handcuffs binding your hands together. You turn back to Ayame, who smiles an apology.

You twist once, straining against the iron bands, then slump. It’s over.

Ayame rubs your shoulder. “There, that’s more like it.” She leans over your shoulder, smiling at you. You wince when she puckers her lips, shuddering at the incoming violation.

She leaves a single, light kiss on your forehead. She gives you a warm smile, sliding her hands down to your breasts. “You know, I always thought you were my cutest sister. Even these adorable little nipples and the pillow-soft breasts beneath them.”

Your skin crawls as her hands slide along their edges. You jerk as the youkai’s tongue slips inside you.

“Besides, I always wanted…” Ayame pulls back. You focus on the black blur slurping your pussy.

She says nothing. The youkai’s tongue glides against your walls, tasting more than pushing. You twitch, light beads of sweat dripping down your skin. She grips both sides of your ass, squeezing as her tongue pushes deeper.

“I always wanted…” You can hear hesitation in her voice.

“To surprise you!” Kogasa shouts into your ear. You lurch, held in place by the youkai’s grip. A familiar face skips into view. Messy light blue hair atop the beaming face of a naked tsukogami, her nipples rigid and her pussy already dripping.

You open your mouth to scream, only to have a wad of linen shoved inside, soaked in Mystia’s juices. Before you can think, she’s dancing around you, wrapping a painfully tight cloth around your mouth. You strain against your cuffs once more, until she stops behind you and ties the cloth off in a bow.

“Whu. Mgh.” Your jaw barely budges against the fabric packed tight behind your teeth.

The youkai’s tongue leaves your crotch as she pulls back, standing up. She’s covered in brown fur and a matching head of long, wild hair and fuzzy ears. Kagerou stands before you, an imperial gaze atop her similarly naked body.

You step back, bumping into Kogasa’s heavy breasts.

Kagerou grips your shoulders and spins you around to Kogasa. Kogasa waves, planting a quick kiss on your gag. You squeak as Kagerou shoves you forward, holding your thighs. You crash into Kogasa’s bust, head buried between her heaving breasts. Groaning against a growing ache in your head, you look back up to Kogasa. She smiles back down on you.

Then, still grinning, a shiny, rubber shaft slips out between her lips.

Mystia’s dildo.

You feel the head of another, throbbing shaft against your ass. Kagerou grips your thighs, nails digging into your flesh, as she hoists you onto her cock. Your pussy slides atop it as she presses your thighs down against her rod, rubbing it between them.

You twist and squirm, more as a formality than anything else.

Kogasa wraps her arms around you, squeezing your body against hers, as she plants her lips against the fabric over your mouth. For a few moments, as Kagerou’s fat cock grinds against your thighs, Kogasa savors your warmth.

At least the juices trickling down your throat provide one benefit: She can’t fuck you like this. Kogasa pulls back.

Then the fabric bunched inside your mouth evaporates, leaving behind a smooth, steel ring. Held in place by metal brackets, attaching it to a strap around your head.

Kagerou pulls back, easing your pussy off her cock. You breathe a sigh of relief through your locked-open jaw, until she presses the head of the shaft to your slit.

You look to Kogasa, wide-eyed and twisting in Kagerou’s arms. Tears break out as she shoves her cock inside, crashing through you. Pain bursts and flares through your crotch as she forces you wide open.

Kogasa presses her lips to yours, openly savoring the taste. Then that rubber shaft pushes in, barely fitting through the ring as it presses your tongue down.

Kagerou pulls back, filling you with relief as she slides out. Only for her to thrust back in, slamming you against Kogasa’s face and impaling your throat on her dildo. You fight back the urge to gag on Kogasa’s shaft as Kagerou stuffs you.

You cough, slightly.

Kagerou slides back out, slow, and steady, until only the head remains inside. Her hair falls across your back as she leans over you. Her breasts rest against you, pinning you as she grabs your bust, kneading your breasts.

“What do you think, Kogasa? Is she ready?”

“Hm…” Kogasa’s rubber cock pops free of your lips. She runs a hand through your scalp, playing with your hair as she pulls your head to one side. The dildo disappears behind her lips. “I dunno…”

Kagerou hums. “Well, I guess I’ll just ask her then.” Her breath blows across your ear. “What do you think, Naoko? Just say ‘no’ if you want us to stop.”

Quiet and shivering, you shake your head. “Hwo. Hwo, hwo.” You utter, desperate to get the word around your gag.

Kagerou chuckles. “Oh? No objections, then?”

“I didn’t hear any!” Kogasa slams her lips against yours, burying her dildo back down your throat.

Even as you fight back another gag, you muster barely more than light disappointment. Kagerou’s hair falls away as she returns her hands to your thighs. She slams your ass against her crotch, almost bouncing your head off Kogasa’s as she impales you again on her cock. You groan in pain, only for Kogasa to force your lips back down her own shaft, filling your mouth as your pussy squeezes down on Kagerou’s retreating cock.

Kagerou slams you back onto her cock, then Kogasa stuffs hers back down your throat. Kagerou’s rock-hard shaft starts pounding you, bouncing your gagged lips up and down Kogasa’s dildo. Spittle flies, bouncing across her face as a fluid starts to leak from Kagerou’s cock.

Heat bubbles away inside you, clouded by confusion and fear. What happens now? How long will the nightmare continue? How long have you been out? What will you come to when you wake?

You lose focus as Kogasa’s shaft hits your throat. Unable to hold it back, you gag, choking and heaving on her rubber cock as Kagerou keeps pumping. You grow dizzy and everything fades to back.

You wake upon the dried leaves and loose twigs of a forest clearing, sun shining overhead. You twist, finding your wrists still locked behind you. Mystia’s taste lingers at the corners of your lips, while both your head and crotch still ache. But you’re awake.

Stirring, you drag yourself up, resting your bare back against the smooth bark of a nearby tree. The sun burns your tender, wincing eyes as you scan the surroundings. It’s either the clearing where you suffered your first violation, or the one where you dreamed of your mother. Possibly both. You flinch at the birdsong overhead, reminding you of your former fiancé.

You take a deep breath of the gentle spring air, unconcerned by the light breeze across your bare breasts. You hear leaves rustle as someone sits next to you.

“I’m uh… sorry. I guess.”

You know that voice. Turning, you find a distinctive black, brimmed hat atop a short but unruly head of pale green hair. Hugging her nearly garish orange sleeves around a lime-colored skirt, Koishi lets out a sad sigh. Even that weird, blue eye thing droops, hanging from the cords that connect to her body.

“I just get like that sometimes. I do things, but people don’t always like them. Sometimes they really hate what I do.” She sniffles. “But I just can’t tell until I do it.”

You look away, rubbing the small of your back. What the hell are you supposed to say? ‘It’s okay’? Your pussy still aches from her oversized…

Why does it still ache? Wasn’t that a dream? It couldn’t have been real, right?

“It’s… just don’t do it again, okay?”

Koishi lets out a nervous laugh. “Of course, of course. I’ll just make sure to remember that.”

You turn back to find her palm burying her lips, deep in thought. She turns to you, muttering something. Then she speaks.

“Let’s go on a treasure hunt.”

You open your mouth, then shut it. “…What?”

She grins. “A treasure hunt. I bet there’s all kinds of cool stuff just lying around.”

You close your eyes, relaxing. “A treasure hunt, huh? What do you think we’d find?”

Koishi hums. “I dunno. Lost memories? Hidden potential? Or maybe…” she leans in close, whispering in your ear, “some super-secret powers…”

You stretch your cuffs. “No traps or monsters?”

Koishi pulls back. “Probably traps and monsters.”

You open your eyes, staring at her. “Then…”

Wait. Memories? Potential?

She sighs, exasperated. “I’m sorry, okay? I wanna make it up to you, but I just… I don’t know how.” She stands up, shading her eyes, and stares out. “This place is kinda weird, so I just thought I could help you find something nice.”

You groan. “I’d prefer if you just left me alone.”

She laughs, nervous. “I guess so. But I’m still out there, you know. That temple place really helped you out, but they’re not gonna help much if I show up.”

“Are you threatening me?”

She blinks. “No? I don’t think I am. But if you really don’t wanna look at stuff, I could maybe try to tell you things? I’d have to touch you in weird, fun places to stay focused, though.”

“That doesn’t sound good.”

She shrugs.

You don’t like either option. One’s unpleasant, and the other’s outright dangerous. And the way she’s talking about you, it’s like you’re still…

Still asleep. If that’s the case, you need to wake up before anyone takes advantage of you, and the only thing drastic enough you could think of would be to… well, to die. You look to Koishi, who looks back, innocent. She could probably kill you, but if it turns out you’re awake after all, or that there’s properties to this realm you don’t understand, then that’s it.

It’s not like it’d by any worse than half the deaths you’d already envisioned since that summer, but even after everything you’ve suffered, you’re not quite sure you’re ready to take the chance. So, do you risk your sanity, or the fleeting tatters of your purity, or something else?

You take a shaking breath. “Fine, tell me things. I’ll…” You cough, clearing your throat. “You can touch me, if you must.”

“Hm…” Koishi returns her hand to her chin. The other wanders toward your bust. “I dunno. You sure you don’t wanna get all intimate and stuff?”

You swat the hand away. “Yes.”

“Hmph. Fine.” A sour tone flits across her face, before breaking out into a goofy giggle. She kneels before you, gently prying apart your legs. Her breath brushes through your mound. “So, what do you want to know?”

“I…” You squirm, stretching your wrist-chain. “Where am I? How did I get here?” You still need to get out of here, and away from her, but first you need to know how.

“I dunno.” Koishi pokes your mound, squishing the lips together. “But, I think your head’s been getting kinda weird, so someone’s probably touching you, wherever you are.”

You twitch, flinching at Koishi’s cavalier touch and fighting the urge to smack your legs against her. She’s given you something. Something that sends a chill up your bare back, but that you can’t fix here.

You need more.

“So, who are you, anyway?” Seriously, why can’t you remember more than the name and face of someone who scared you all the way to the human village?

“Me?” Koishi pats your pussy like a good pet before she pulls her hand back, licking it. “I’m a…” She looks up, scratching her forehead. “Oh, right. I’m a satori, like my sister.”

A Satori, huh? You thought they’d just read peoples’ minds, not wipe them. Is that something they normally refuse to do? Something only some can do? Or is there…

She leans back down, sliding a finger through your short bush.

“Hey, hey! Do you have a girlfriend?”

Your skin turns a very slight shade of pink. You’d like to think of Nue becoming one, or maybe even Shizuha, just to get something akin to a normal romance for once. Not like that hell Wriggle and her winged henchwoman put you through.

Or was Mystia the ringleader and Wriggle her enforcer?

Either way, you don’t have anyone yet. And you pray to any god that’ll listen that no repeat of your last ‘romance’ ever comes.

“No.” Being taken wouldn’t dissuade her anyway.

She tilts her head to the side, staring up through your legs as she plays with your pubic hair. She opens her mouth, then closes it, shrugging. She hums a light, jaunty tune.

“Wh- Why are you here, anyway? And…” wait. She doesn’t know where you are, but she thinks someone else had been touching you? “What is this place?”

“It’s not a place, silly. You’re still asleep.” She lets out a quiet huff. “You didn’t have to interrupt your dream just when it got to the good part, you know.” She glances behind her. “Dunno why I’m here, though.” She turns around and plops down next to you, patting her lap.

You shake your head.

She pokes the side of your breast. Then disappears.

You spin around, searching the woods around you, but she’s gone. You squirm and shift your weight, straining your wrists apart and praying she’s not about to…

You feel a pair of smooth legs, under a soft skirt, beneath your bare ass. A pair of gentle hands slide along your shoulders, only barely pressing into them.

Warm breath brushes past your neck. “There, there.” Koishi whispers.

“How did you…”

“Shhh…” She rubs her hands in slow but firm circles. Her legs clench, trapping your hands against her crotch. “You’re all tight and upset. Just let me take care of you, okay?”

You can’t quite relax in her grasp, but her handiwork does sooth you. And as her recent stunt reminds you, if she really wants you, she’ll just take you. Better to keep her focused on something else. Anything else.

A thought occurs to you.

“Can you… help me?”

“I already am, silly.” Her hands slide down to your upper back, working your shoulder blades.

“I mean, can you hide me from other youkai?” It’s a stretch, but she can hide herself from you. You can decide later whether you’d accept such help.

Her hands freeze. Heavy, almost heaving breaths hit your neck as a drool drips on your shoulder.

“I could do something like that, I guess.” Her hands slide down your back, slipping behind your clenched fists to rub your ass.

And just like that, your body locks up. You feel your muscles tense up and before you know it, you’re off her lap and lunging forward. Until something smooth wraps around your ankle, yanking it back. You pitch forward, but just manage to right yourself as its companion coils around your other leg. Vines. You reach down the back of your thigh to rip it off, only for another pair to leap from the grass and twist around your stomach, pinning both arms to your back.

You glance back to find Koishi gone again. Twisting and squirming as the vines slide up your body, you heave a quaking breath. Which your captors use to run a fat coil of vines from one cheek, between your teeth, to the other, stretching both your cheeks and your jaw with their combined girth.

You turn, straining against the vines just to nudge your body to one side. You turn to the other, achieving little more.

Koishi’s clothed bust presses into your back, wrapping her hands around your midsection. You try to lean forward.

“It’s okay. It’s okay. Relax.”

“Eh ehweh!”

She squeezes. “You gotta relax so they can let go.”

You stop twisting. “Hu?”

“I don’t wanna hurt you. I promise I won’t hurt you. But you gotta calm down.”

She again squeezes your already strained stomach. “Just feel happy things. Like puppies and hell kittens.”

What? No, never mind that. What did she say about them letting go? And just what is this place?

“I’m sorry I did those mean things to you. You don’t like it when people touch your pretty butt or your soft boobs or lick your tasty flower, but I, but…”

Flower? Is she talking about your… no. It doesn’t matter.

“Anyway, I’m sorry I pushed myself on you. I wanna make it better.” She loosens her grip, shaking. “At least enough so you don’t kill yourself.”

Whatever she meant by that, you appreciate the sentiment. Probably. Not so much the stuff about your body, though. Still, the confusion muddles your fears and, even in your floral prison, your breathing slows, your panic weakens. As it does, the vines loosen their grip.

First your braided gag falls away. Then, in tandem with your ebbing fear, the vines slide back down your body, releasing their grip on your arms. As they retreat down your legs, you find the cuffs disappeared somewhere as well, freeing your hands completely.

You collapse to the grass, already exhausted.

You lie on your back, looking back up at Koishi. “What was that?”

She fidgets. “Well, you panicked.”

“What?”

Koishi sits next to you, running her palm along your stomach. “You got all scared.”

“No, I mean, where’d the vines come from?”

She blinks. “Like I said, you panicked.”

You stop, catching your breath. You’re getting nowhere.

“Why does panicking lead to vines?”

She flicks your breast. “I dunno. It’s your head, not mine.”

“It’s my-”

“Hey. I’ve got an idea.” Koishi throws her arms wide. “You know how you’ve got all those guys always chasing you around?”

“Guys?”

“The youkai.”

“Girls, but yes.” If she’s got even the slightest hint toward a better solution…

“But you just can’t seem to keep any of ’em away, right?”

“I guess so?”

She puts a finger up. “But you don’t wanna just pick one.”

“…Pick one?”

“Yeah, you know. Find one that’s kinda nice and let her do what she wants if she keeps the rest away.”

You shudder. Both at the thought and how Koishi’s started dancing her fingers around your nipple.

“…Yes. That’s something I won’t do.”

“Well, I thought about what you said, and…” she leans in, whispering conspiratorially, “how ‘bout you just stick with me. We can do different weird, fun things together.”

You stare at her. Her devious grin’s a fair bit goofier than she thinks it is. “What do you mean?”

“Well…” she looks away, “We just have to play when I feel like it.”

“What sort of play?”

She shrugs, her face still fixated away. “I dunno. Those sorts of things just kinda come to me. We’ll see when it happens. I don’t have to touch you, though.”

“When it happens?”

She gives you a cocksure grin. “When it happens.”

You’re already getting lost again. “Whatever. Thanks for helping with those vines, I guess. How’d you know about those, anyway?”

“Hmm? Oh, that’s just…” she looks around, “Just ’cause.” She looks down, almost mumbling. “I didn’t want you to die.” Koishi stands and starts pacing.

“How would I have died?”

“Feedback loop.” She frowns. “Where would we go? Actually…” She scampers off into the treeline.

You sit up, no longer daring to venture out without her. It takes only a moment for her to return, beaming with her hands behind her back.

You’re finding her harder and harder to understand, but there’re still a few things you need to at least try to figure out.

“What exactly do you want from me?”

“Me? I just wanna have fun.” She giggles and steps behind you. You hear her unfurl something. There’s a light ‘click’ just before a leathery strap brushes against your neck.

You spin around to find her holding a thick, pink collar.

“What the hell ar-!”

Koishi slaps an open palm over your mouth, brow hardening. “Shh!”

Bushes rustle nearby. A quiet melody floats over the wind. Quiet, sensuous whispers echo from every direction.

You lose track of the noises surrounding you somewhere around a dozen.

Koishi scoops you into her arms and pads away. Slipping toward a quieter part of the treeline, she steps inside. The silence of woodland chirps and chitters sets your hair on edge. Quiet, hungry whispers and distant moans float though the air. Koishi flits her head left and right, then sets you down.

“Hide.” Is all she whispers before pausing. “And remember to stay calm.” She gives you a tight smile before creeping away.

Unsettled, you find a thick oak tree near a pair of dense bushes. Light, crunching footsteps approach. Gingerly, you slip between the tree and bushes, then duck down. You barely get your head below them, but you don’t dare seek better cover now.

You hold your breath as a figure approaches, leaves crinkling beneath its feet.

“Heh, figured I’d find you here.”

You choke down a scream. It’s Wriggle. She leans forward, her twisted grin looming over you. You can’t bring yourself to move a single muscle.

She reaches toward you.

Iron bars slam into the ground between you, destroying both bushes to form a tightly-packed fence and jarring her back. Another set of bars crash from the canopy, locking across the first set to form what looks like…

You spin around, finding many more bars that together form a giant cage. Which you’re trapped inside of.

“What the hell?” Wriggle cries, slamming her fist against the cage wall.

Turning back to keep an eye on Wriggle, you pull yourself up and creep away. Slipping around the tree, you inch back toward the cage center.

You bump into someone. Whirling around, you find Koishi grinning at you.

“I just saved your butt, huh?”

You’re shivering. “You brought this thing down?”

“Yep.”

“…How?”

She glances left and right. She reaches one hand out. Mist seeps up from the forest floor to gather just above her open palm. It grows dense, then coalesces into a…

A purple dildo.

She tilts her head. “That’s weird.” She tosses the sex toy away, turning back to you. “Anyway, you gotta go.”

Whatever that’s supposed to explain, a small sense of relief washes through you as the toy disappears again. Still…

“Why?”

“’Cause your head’s getting all freaked out. And you’re not gonna like what I’d need do to fix it.”

“So this is my mind.”

Something crashes against the cage above you. Looking up, you find Mystia rubbing her head, perched on the upper grill, glaring at you.

“Not quite. We’re in your head, but just a bit below your mind. You’re never supposed to be here, really.”

“Below my…”

A flash blinds you. As the light clears, you find Aya standing just outside the nearest wall. Her pants sit around her ankles as she holds her camera in one hand and bares her drizzling slit with the other. A red light appears behind her, which soon resolves into Kosuzu, floating and holding a black book in one hand.

Your breathing’s picking up pace as the forest floor stirs beneath you.

Koishi grips your shoulders, whispering into your ear.

“It’s okay. I’m here. It’s just your nightmares. I can take care of ’em.” She squeezes. “But you gotta go.”

You wheeze. “Go where?”

Koishi hums a concerned tune. “Don’t you know how to wake up?”

You shake. More figures appear at the edges of your sight. “Would dying would be bad?”

She twitches. “That’s how you do it?” She frets. “That doesn’t work here. Maybe…”

Vines burst from the forest floor, snapping around Koishi and rooting her in place. You take a step away from her as something emerges from those vines.

A smooth, round gemstone emitting a soft pink light.

“What… what do I do?”

Koishi lets out a squeak. “Don’t touch it! It’ll make you mean and evil.”

“What else can I do?”

Koishi grunts, looking to the left and right. She shuts her eyes tight.

Woods crashes against wood in the distance. Spinning around, you find trees crashing behind the growing pile of leering youkai. A simple, floating farmhouse door drifts toward the cage, stopping only a short distance outside.

“Someone left this thing in your head, I dunno where it goes, but it won’t be here.”

The bars in front of the door then rearrange themselves into a giant gate.

Koishi grunts. “It opens from the inside.”

You look from her to the door and the dozen or so youkai on the other side of the bars. They’ve gathered just outside the path to that door, possibly hoping to bait you out of the cage.

Koishi sighs. “It’s pretty risky, but I maybe it’ll be better.” She groans. “If you don’t wanna do that, you just gotta let me take a little control.” You glance between the youkai and Koishi, feeling drawn to the strange gemstone nestled in her vines. Is she right? Will it corrupt you? Is the door any better, with the risk of what happens if you step outside?

Or is it riskier to just leave a strange door below your mind, letting who-knows-what screw around with your head. Where is ‘below your mind’ anyway?

A small part of you’s tempted by Koishi’s offer. The thought of never having to fight them off anymore does call to you, even if it means surrendering to one.

You could try meditating again. It got you out of one nightmare, maybe it’ll get you out of this one? Of course, it might just push you into something worse instead. 

You glance back. Her offer tempts you, but you remember the night you left. Maybe she changed more than Mystia or Wriggle, but you doubt it. The thought of that gem making you ‘mean’ sounds kind of appealing, though. But you’ve got a problem to address before you even consider either choice.

You look forward, through the cage walls, to the farm door outside. Either Koishi’s bluffing or someone installed a secret passage into your head. On one side of the closed door stands Kagerou, baring long fangs in her grin. Across from her stands Kosuzu, face impassive, red wisps floating around her. Numerous faces with feminine bodies and strange appendages float nearby, including Wriggle, Kogasa, Aya, and even Shizuha. All leering at you.

You swallow. It’s only a few paces between the cage and the door, but you command neither the speed nor strength to break through that. And yet you plant one foot behind you.

Koishi clears her throat, voice wobbling. “Be careful, okay?”

You roll your shoulders. You’re screwed, but you simply can’t leave the door there.

You throw yourself forward, floating over the ground and flipping your feet forward. You thump against the bars, next to the gate. Finding no lock or other mechanism, you just grab the handle and yank, throwing the gate inward.

With your feet perched on the bars, time slows to a halt. Heartbeats pass, one by one, as every pair of eyes swivels straight to you. The farm door sits there, just a pace or two away. Kogasa’s face lights up, Kagerou’s hungry grin turns feral, and you even catch a devious glint in Kosuzu’s eyes.

You drop one foot down to smash it against the dirt and throw yourself forward, free of the cage.

Until a pair of strong, clawed hands seize your midriff and your captor buries her face in your neck, gorging her lungs in your hair. She plants her legs down and twists you to face Kosuzu, keeping herself pressed into your back.

Your hands hang down, trapped against your sides by her arms. You grunt, twisting your body as Kosuzu steps forward, eyeing one breast like a prize crop. She hefts it once, the opens her lips and presses her tongue to its underside. Slowly, she drags her tongue up, crossing your areola and rubbing your nipple before she retracts it.

Heavy wings pound the air above you, just before the moistened silk over someone’s pussy smushes into your face. A pair of toned, curvy thighs wrap around your cheeks as a pair of slender hands dig into your scalp.

“Mph!”

Kagerou’s grip eases, giving you just enough space to yank your arms out. You grab at the thighs on your shoulders, screaming into your captor’s crotch. All you get back are Mystia’s girlish giggles. Kosuzu grabs your sides and kisses your collarbone as Kagerou steps away. You twist your shoulders in a vain attempt to knock Mystia off.

Then something yanks Kosuzu’s hands away. Mystia tumbles off your shoulders soon after. You collapse to the ground, finding Koishi’s legs wrapped around her neck.

Wasn’t she just…

Dazed, you glance around to find Kagerou, Kosuzu, and several other women laid out around you, but already stirring. Your muscles protest at even slight movements, but they’ll all be back up in seconds. Even now, Koishi struggles to keep Mystia down.

She grins at you. “Time to go, silly.”

Fighting a creaking body, you force yourself back upright. You take one last glance around to find Wriggle already halfway up. You stretch out one hand, yank the door open, and leap through.

And almost fall through oblivion once more. Using your shaky grasp of flight, you steady yourself just long enough to grab the side. Spinning around, you grip the wooden handle and, adjusting one hand, shut the door behind you.

You turn around and kick off, sailing into the dark blue expanse before you. Above you twinkles the brightest stars you’ve seen, set against the backdrop of a giant, yellow moon. Below you, you find nothing but darkened farmland, stretching as far as the eye can see. Rice, wheat, barley, assorted berries… every crop you can think of passes below you.

The nighttime calm seeps through you, easing your strained mind and body. Until you catch ominous shadows lying over an approaching rice field. Storm clouds. Clouds that would be about, well… you look ahead, a moment too late.

Dark blue mist envelops you.

You sail through shadow until it turns into a smooth but dusty wooden floor. Your feet, elbows, and knees bump and scrape against the wood as you tumble, throwing out your hands in a last-ditch effort to stabilize. You skin one palm and scratch the other, but you halt your skid, collapsing to the ground.

You lie there, resting your wounded and aching body. Looking around, you find that dark, murky shadow clings to the corners between a few towering bookshelves.

You’re back in Suzunaan. The place where…

Bare feet thump across the ground behind you. You look up to find Kagerou again, her white dress swishing as she strides toward you.

Her eyes glowing red.

You part your lips to scream, only for your voice to die as everything turns red. You gulp as the light dies down, taking a few quick, light breaths. Your throat works fine.

But your neck doesn’t move.

Kagerou flicks a finger upward. Your neck moves up, dragging your body with it. Your hands fly to it, almost clawing at your flesh as it drags you upright. Then it stops just as your heels leave the floor. Kagerou steps up to you, sighs, and slides her hands along your arms.

Squeezing your wrists, she shoves them back down, pressing them to your thighs as red light once more sears through your vision. You pull at your wrists the second it dies back down, only to find them glued to your thighs. A quick glance down confirms your fears. A red ring envelops each thigh, trapping your wrist with it.

You wiggle, sweating, as Kagerou grins. Your neck’s still trapped, your feet barely touch the floor, and you can’t even move your hands. She gives you the sort of half-lidded gaze that few can pull off, and yet, in another time, would’ve made your knees weak. She flicks your chin, then dances her fingers down your chest, her gaze sinking with them.

Flicking your slit once, she slides her fingers back up your sides. Settling her hands across your shoulders, she smiles. Then spins you around to face a small, slender woman’s bare back.

And bare ass.

The woman’s blonde hair gives you a hint to her identity, but her dour sigh wipes away all doubt. Shizuha. Your neck sinks back down. Your feet flatten back out, but it keeps going, tilting forward and jutting your ass out behind you. You grip your thighs, hoping to rebalance the weight sliding toward your neck. As your head descends, it becomes clear what she had in mind. Shizuha sighs, taking one step back, toward you. She takes another as your neck levels with her ass. You squirm again, working your jaw and straining to pull your wrists free.

Shizuha slides her hands down her ass, pulling at the cheeks to expose the hole between them. Your breathing picks up. Recent horrors swim through your head. Green hair, antennae, cruel laughter, and vindictive strikes. The ring pushes your head forward. You dig your feet into the floor until your nose stops, just short of her ass’s spread cheeks.

You take a few quick, light sips of air.

Dark thoughts continue their parade. Wriggle’s heavy ass, Mystia’s oversized tits, and even that red monster’s fleshy tentacles.

A clawed hand dances across your back. “So, just what would you do to avoid that last, little step?” Kagerou’s ass settles on your back, textured only by the lace of her panties, as she drapes her dress over your side. She rubs her fingers through your hair. “Kiss my feet? Call me your queen? Give me the gift of that cute tongue?”

Shizuha stretches, turning from side to side, her ass almost touching your cheek.

Kagerou drums her fingers on your skull.

“Would you hurt her for me? Degrade her?”

What? Shizuha’s done nothing to hurt you, you couldn’t possibly… well, you wouldn’t, right? Sure, it would be amazing to, just once, escape such abuse. But you wouldn’t go that far, right?

Kagerou idly fingers your hair as Shizuha steps away from you. Until she turns around, revealing a familiar black appendage hanging from the depths of her pussy.

A rising, hardening, tentacle cock. She stares you dead in the eyes, hands on her hips.

She takes a step back toward you, her appendage now rigid and level with your lips.

You shut your jaw.

Kagerou lays a pair of dainty, clawed hands on your shoulders and leans down.

“Have fun~”

Another flash of red. The rings constricting your neck, thighs, and wrists disappear. Kagerou hops off your back as your hands drop to the floor. Shizuha stops. In horror, you watch your own hands pad across the floor, followed by your legs. You will yourself to stop, only to keep crawling.

You stop just before her crotch. Your gut lurches as you nuzzle the tentacle with your cheek. Then your lips part to give it a kiss. A long, tender kiss. But just as you start to pull away, the shaft splits down the middle. And the other middle. The head parts into four quarters, each fleshy on the inside and filled with wiggling, writhing nubs.

You haul back, but just before you can scream, it latches onto your face. It thrusts a second, squishier shaft down your throat. The new shaft pushes deep down, ripping a heaving gag from your lips as it ejects some foul fluid. Then it just pulls back, popping free of your lips and disappearing behind Shizuha’s bare slit.

You fall on your face, clutching your churning stomach. A pair of strong hands cup your breasts, claws sinking inside to haul you back up. Once Kagerou’s bust presses once more against your back, she starts to hum, rubbing your abused flesh. Then she squeezes.

Hard.

You shut your eyes tight as Kagerou sinks her claws deeper into your flesh. A tongue slides up your navel. Shaking, you open your eyes as it pulls back. Shizuha gives an apologetic grunt as she leans back in to drag her tongue up. She slips her tongue between Kagerou’s fingers, licking the blood from your breasts.

The pain in your stomach ebbs, even as Kagerou yanks at your breasts. She stretches them away, then smashes them together. Your chest burns and aches. Shizuha pulls back. You open your mouth, only for her to grip your cheeks and smother her lips across yours.

Kagerou lets go, even as Shizuha sucks the air straight from your lungs. In a second, your chest burns worse than it ever did before. You claw at Shizuha’s scalp, straining just to grab her, as your lungs struggle to inflate.

Slam! Kagerou’s clawed hand crashes against your ass, raking the skin. You jerk, bumping into Shizuha’s slender frame. Kagerou’s claws slam against your ass again, drawing blood. Your chest screams in agony even as Kagerou rakes her claws again, this time across your back.

Then, just as it hits a fever pitch, both parties pull away. With no strength left in your body and nothing holding you up, you teeter back, sagging.

Then Kagerou’s foot slams into your back, throwing you to the ground. You tumble back to the floor, barely even caring about the new aches and pains the floor forces into your joints and battered chest. You lie on your side, coughing and choking until a little air seeps back into your lungs.

A smooth, clean foot steps into view as its counterpart settles down behind your resting head. A shin and thigh press together as someone squats over you, her ass hovering just above your chin. Something wet and sticky drips onto your cheek. Another drip, then another.

A clawed foot pokes your belly. Then steps on your belly. Then pushes you onto your back. As your head rolls up, you find Shizuha’s pussy oozing onto your lips. She gives you a dead stare.

Then reaches down and plugs your nose.

It takes only a moment for your tired lungs to force your mouth open. The oozing turns into a deluge of pussy juice cascading down your throat. The foot leaves your stomach.

You choke and sputter, just as something throws Shizuha back off you. You turn back to your side, coughing and spitting out Shizuha’s fluids.

“You are mine, Honda.” Says a voice you’ve never heard before. High, imperious, and with just a hint of unnatural echo. You look up to find Kagerou gone. In her place is someone you’ve never seen before. Long and flowing, but wispy black hair. A simple red dress with large, white sleeves, both fading into mist near the edges. You’ve no idea if she even has feet. And a thick, red horn jutting from her forehead.

As red as her eyes still are, they no longer glow. You haul yourself up, barely staying upright on your weak feet. Still wheezing, you take a trembling step backward. She floats toward you. You take another shivering step, almost tripping.

Then a hand grabs your wrist and hauls you backward. In seconds, the bookstore fades to nothing, taking the horned demon with it. Everything dissolves back to blue, then to the farmland sky. The cloud fades into the distance.

“Not sure what your brilliant plan was, but you can’t just float around here all willy-nilly like that, girl.”

You barely manage to turn yourself enough to see your new companion. You find a black and white puffball dress and a matching sleeping cap. All worn by a curvy, slightly bored-looking woman with what might be a tail. Ending in another puffball.

“Where am I?”

“Where are ya- you serious?” She looks you up and down, then blushes. “Well, there’re weirder things going on here than just that.”

Even after everything, you can’t help but match her blush. You throw an arm across your nipples, and a hand over your crotch, but you doubt it means much at this point. You need to rest.

“I just, look, it’s a long story.” You look away. “I never wanted to look like this.”

“Mhmm. So, what’re you doing out and about in the open dream world, huh?”

Dream world. That’s where the connection goes. “I… found something where it didn’t belong.” She opens her mouth, but you continue. “What was that cloud? What just happened?”

She shrugs. “A nightmare. Common occurrence around these parts.” She slides a sly glance your way. “Especially around people who’re having a hard time.”

Then you need to get out of here. “You seem to know this place pretty well.”

She lets out a sigh of feigned longsuffering. “’Course I would, I gotta get my food somewhere.”

“Food?”

“Dreams. Speakin’ of which, what kind do you want?” Her tail swishes back and forth.

Dream eater. One of those youkai you know little about. Wait, has she seen into any of yours? You float back, just slightly.

She cocks her head, scrunching her brow. Then a smug grin breaks across her face. “Oh… You been dreaming something naughty?”

What? No! Well, not voluntarily. “You’ve never… peeked into any of my dreams, have you?”

She pokes her forehead, focusing for a second, then sends a sinister grin your way. “How badly do you want to know?”

You shiver. “Not badly enough.” You can tell by that smile, whatever she wants isn’t worth it.

She stares straight into your eyes just before her gaze wanders down. Then she jerks back up, giving a polite cough. “Guess I ain’t telling then. Maybe later.” She glides toward you.

You glide back.

She chuckles. “Well now, I’m not going to bite.”

You eye her.

The sky warps to gray, then back.

“Besides, it looks like you’re about to wake up.”

You glance to her. The sky shifts again. The door’s still there, but anyone you tell about it could abuse that knowledge to do who-knows-what. On the other hand, the thought of those nightmares bothers you. And what the hell was with that horned woman at the end?

You’ve no idea if she’ll listen to any request you make, but it’s not like you’ve got anything to lose by asking.

“Wait. Uh, about how I got here. The thing that doesn’t belong.”

The sky flickers, the stars blur into a fading night.

She looks back to you.

“It’s a door. Probably not far from where you found me.”

“You’re running out of time, you know.”

She blurs into the night herself.

“If you can, please try to destroy it!”

Everything fades to gray. Your last plea fading into the night.

ou blink, squinting through the orange light. Your muscles weigh you down as your eyes adjust. A vague mass of black, white, and brown leans over you. Soft, full thighs support your head. Soon, your vision clears. A strained, yet cheery smile hovers over you, surrounded by a cascading mess of purple hair, fading to brown as it leaves the scalp.

Byakuren. Hijiri.

Leader of the temple. Commander of this youkai horde. Possibly youkai herself.

Personally attending to you.

Why is she here? Did you do something? There was that scream. Did you hurt one of her followers? You wheeze, flicking your eyes across the room. It’s tiny. Barely big enough to fit a futon and maybe a small table. Weak sunlight filters in through a tiny window across from the door. She wouldn’t want vengeance, would she?

You take a deep breath. You’re not dead yet, so she hopefully has something else in mind. She’s not planning anything worse, right?

“Oh, I worried you wouldn’t wake.”

Her voice brings back memories of her visits to the village. Hearing her voice in the markets always had you scanning the streets for her followers. If there’s one thing Kagerou and Wriggle did for you, it was to put such fears into rather stark perspective.

Will Wriggle come back for you? If she does, maybe staying in this temple wouldn’t be so bad.

You glance down your body, slow and careful. You’re still in Mystia’s apron and Shou’s cloak. Still with nothing underneath, save the metal belt. You shift your weight, then freeze.

Something shifted with you. Something small and round, just inside your belt. Your eyes dart to your crotch while you keep your body level. You see nothing but the apron, yet another slight shift confirms it.

The toy is back.

You look back up to Byakuren, eyes narrowing.

She heaves a sigh. “You need not trust us, but please, at least listen to what I have to say.”

The toy remains dormant as you flex your muscles. Subtly, you hope. The weight of sleep has mostly left. You can’t help a glance at her impressive bust, praying she never tries to choke you with it.

“Do you know of our mission, Ms. Naoko?”

“Yes.” Now’s not the time to dive deep into your past, but there’s no point in lying here.

She grins, face tight. “That’s excellent. Then you understand how vital it is to me that you’re kept safe.”

You’re less certain. The recent youkai attacks appear to have hurt the temple’s image, if your slowly clearing memories are anything to go by. But you can already imagine a much simpler solution for her than your protection. Maybe it speaks to her character or something that she’s yet to openly consider such a choice, or maybe she just worries about the suspicion it would bring.

And even more worrying is the damn toy. How’d it get in there? Did someone pick the lock? Break the lock? The belt feels firm enough, but you haven’t even really moved yet. Or did they… The key. You couldn’t get rid of it. You’ve been out long enough that anyone could have popped it open.

Now’s not the time to confront anyone, though. Or at least, not the woman whose goodwill your life and shattered purity now depend on. “So, what brought you back here?” A lame question, but as good a place as any to start.

“I had simply,” Byakuren glances away, “finished my business in the village.” She refocuses on you. “I had to return for the evening ceremony.”

Evening? Already? You wrestle yourself free of her grip and sit across from her. “What happened while I slept?”

She scratches her cheek. “I’m afraid I only just returned. You’ll need to ask one of the others.”

Then it may not have been her. You study her gaze, getting only a mask of serenity back. Is she hiding something? What does she plan to do with you?

“Did you see anyone when you came in?”

She exhales. “I’m afraid I was in too great a hurry.” She glances around. “I think we should move this discussion.” She stands up, offering her hand to you.

You accept it, letting her pull you up. She slides open the door to this cubby of a room, leading you down the hall. After a few minutes, she turns into a quiet, moderately sized room with a single bowl of rice topped with salmon strips, and a pair of chopsticks next to it. She gestures to it.

You step around and sit down. She slides the bowl down, then sits across from you. It’s the only food on the table. She places her hands together and bows for the traditional phrase. Hesitantly, you join her. Once finished, she motions to the bowl.

“You haven’t eaten since you arrived. Please, eat.”

Your stomach is bare, but so is your appetite. You pick up the chopsticks, poking a clump of rice out. You eat, taking your time. Even in the warm air, it’s cool and dry.

Why is one of the most important people in this world watching you eat?

It tastes fine, but you still find it a chore to consume. “Ms. Hijiri, would you like some?”

She waves you off. “I’m just fine, thank you. I’m happy to help with your needs, but I assure you that we’re well trained to resist our own bodily desires.”

Was that supposed to reassure you? It sounded like it was.

You chew another clump of rice. You’ll pick some of the meat off later. “How’s the village?”

She winces. “I’m afraid it’s still very unsafe for you. The…” She grasps the air, at a loss. “The problem you had is still there.” She lays a hand on your shoulder. “But I promise we’ll do whatever we can to fix it.”

You’re stuck between slumping at the thought that you’re still trapped outside and cringing at just how much someone with her power and responsibility fixates on your personal issues. What the hell is her angle? You cough. “Did you meet any goddesses there?”

She folds her arms, tilting her head. “No, none that I’m aware of. Though some are so weak you can barely tell.”

You’re still stuck, then. What’ll happen when you next sleep?

“You have some human worshippers, right?”

She brightens up at that. “Why yes. Our open-heartedness scares many off, but we find more each week who see the wisdom in our path. I promise you’re safe here.”

You stare hard at her. Surely she knows about your problem by now. Well, you’re not about to take any chances.

“Um, Ms. Hijiri. About me. You know about my…”

Gently, she wraps her hands around one of yours, guiding it down to the table.

Then the door opens behind her, Ichirin’s head poking though the crack. A specter of self-doubt flits across her face.

“Lady Byakuren, the service is about to start.”

Byakuren sighs. “I’m afraid I must leave it to you tonight.”

There’s a moment of quiet. “Then, I’ll leave you to your business.” Ichirin disappears, closing the door behind her.

You gaze at it, using your free hand to poke at the rice. As much as Hijiri’s attention worries you, it does keep you somewhere quiet while the youkai gather.

She lets out a polite cough, dragging your gaze back to the table, where her hands sit atop one of yours. You feel something happen between them, but you can’t tell what.

“Close your eyes.”

You glance to the bowl, slipping a sliver of fish down your throat. You want to keep her calm and happy, but that sort of thing requires trust. Trust that’s become very difficult to exercise around anyone.

“Please, Ms. Honda. It will help, I promise.”

She gives you the strange hybrid of puppy dog eyes and a disappointed mother. You glance away. It works, a little. But blinding yourself, even for a moment, around what could be a youkai?

“Maybe later. I, I just…” But then, would it really be any different? If she decides to attack you, what could you do? You glance back.

“Alright.” You swallow hard, shutting your eyes.

“Thank you. What do you feel?”

Warm. The muggy summer air presses around you. Though there’re also strange… almost eddies in it. Vague feelings of lewd intentions, faint and distant. “I feel danger, I think.”

“Would that danger feel, um, well…” You hear her take another breath, “dirty?”

“Yes.”

“Do you feel any from me?”

You can tell precious little from the sensation, but it does feel like they’re at least a little further away. “I don’t think so.”

“Then, please open your eyes.”

You open your eyes to find her straightening her back. “I promise that your condition is better than you think it is. You’ve probably come a long way, and I do not believe your powers will bring any shame upon this temple. Why, you’re not too far off from learning what is you really do.”

“Do you really think that’ll help?”

“Of course. It is, after all, the journey that matters. Once you learn the mechanism by which your power operates, you’ll best understand how to counter it.”

You’re less optimistic, both about the time it’ll take and the results it’ll reap. But it’s something.

She grins. “You’ll soon learn even to control your power, I suspect.”

Control, huh? Like that beam…

“Ms. Hijiri. Where’s Murasa?”

“Minamitsu? Did she do something to you?”

“No. Well, not yet. I don’t know.” You ripped a climax out of her. Right before you fell asleep. For all you know, she’s already thirsting for your body.

But then, she teleports. She’d already be all over you, wouldn’t she?

And if Byakuren doesn’t know about that, then why is she here?

“Don’t worry about her. She likes to scare people, but she’s mostly harmless.”

“Right. Of course.”

There’s a knock on the door.

Byakuren glances to you. You shrug, too tired to worry about anyone else in her presence.

The door creaks open and someone pokes her head through. Someone with very long, very well cared-for brown hair. The sort of hair that’s so neat it shines.

Then she turns to face you.

Kagerou.

“Ms. Hijiri, about what you…”

You lock up. She stares at you, confused. Then jolts up, freezing. For a tense moment, you both stare at one another, and she appears to be about as terrified as you are. There are deep pockets under her eyes.

Byakuren glances between you two.

“I think this may be a good…”

Kagerou opens her mouth, visibly sweating. She moves her jaw as if trying to speak.

Hijiri lets out a sad sigh. “So, that’s you meant, isn’t it, Kagerou?”

Kagerou shuts her mouth. She winces, then nods.

“But you’ll never do anything like it again, will you?”

She flinches, shivering, but nods again.

Your skin turns clammy.

“And Ms. Honda, could you, perhaps, find it within yourself to listen to her feelings?”

You slip out of your chair, backing up toward the wall.

“Ms. Honda?”

Kagerou opens her mouth again but shuts it right after. Then she slips back out and shuts the door.

Her footsteps pound down the hall, away from you.

You sag into the corner.

Hijiri exhales, tight and controlled. “I can’t imagine how difficult this must be for you.” She turns back to you. “I understand this may be presumptuous of me, but I don’t suppose you could try to help her? I’ll be happy to be there with you, but could you please give her your ear? I think it would do wonders for both of you.”

The thought of resolving it all now certainly sounds nice, and your aura had as great a role to play as anything else. But it’s still her eyes that stared you down as she buried you under her flesh. As she forced you to taste her cunt.

Following her request may net you a new ally, friend, or at least a favor. But could you pull it off? On the other hand, you still need to know where the hell Murasa is and, more importantly, if she’s become a problem. Although, above everything, you find yourself wondering if Shou’s offer is still available. At this point, you’re not certain you’ll make it through the night without something to dull the strain.

The hot, moist air pricks at your skin. “I’ll try to listen. I can’t promise more than that.”

Hijiri nods. “It’s okay. That’s all I ask.” She stands up, holding the door open.

You walk through, hearing a chant rise through the building. Quiet and mostly solemn, but with wild, off-beat notes sprinkled through it. Byakuren steps beside you and guides you down the hall. The evening crickets begin their own routine chatter, drowning out the chant.

“I found your choice a pleasant surprise, Naoko. Too few humans will think to give their compassion for youkai, even to the weakest.”

You grunt a muted assent. Your own family would include such people, and you don’t blame them. Crops and people tend to go missing when simple farmers give youkai the benefit of the doubt. Even the weakest youkai can come up with nasty schemes, or work with a gang of stronger youkai.

You don’t necessarily fault her ideals, but her generosity is a privilege that your people simply couldn’t afford.

Your eyes wander to her figure. Hijiri’s dress does little to conceal the tight ass or sculpted hips she has.

No. You’ve had youkai control your tongue, your pussy, and your ass. You’re not giving them your mind too.

You also send off a quiet prayer that she’s not trying to ‘entice’ you into anything.

The chanting overpowers the crickets and the smell of incense wafts in as you creep up to a broad, open doorway. Inside is an alarming abundance of animal ears, tails, and other oddities. Shou kneels at the far end, the assorted youkai facing her. As quiet as you can, you leap past the door and continue forward.

Hijiri’s already beside you when you land and guides you around a corner. More doors pass by, and your nerves ease up as the incense fades and the chanting dies back down. Your eyes slide to her ample breasts, before you catch them and snap your gaze to the walls instead.

She glances back to you. “You’ll be fine. No one can hurt you here.”

She continues forward. You still struggle to keep your eyes off her body, and you’re getting worried that you don’t know why.

The ball in your crotch shifts slightly, sending a tingle up your spine. You stop, pushing your apron aside to glance at your belt. The metal’s dirty, but hard and smooth. You give it a few tugs and it holds firm. Whoever broke in must’ve used the key.
You sigh in relief. There’s someone around here with easy access to your crotch, but only that one person. Unless she has friends. You drop the apron, letting it settle back over your crotch, and look back up.

To find Hijiri staring right at you.

Your face burns. “S-Security measure. To keep them from, well, you know…”

She gives you a pained smile. “If it makes you feel safer, that’s enough reason for me.” She gestures to a door. “She won’t hurt you either, I promise. If you need something, I’ll be right by your side soon.”

Working up your nerve, you rap your knuckles against the door. Firm, but gentle.

There’s a moment of silence. What will you say? What can you say? You still remember the taste of her breasts, the weight of her ass, and even the way she smeared your face with your own juices.

Whether or not you blame her for it, she was one of the two to set off the disaster you now stumble through.

Could you forgive her?

You’ll figure it out later. You have other business to address with her. You’ll at least stick around long enough to listen. You can do this. You can do this.

“Come in.”

The voice is quiet and tremulous, but clear enough to hear over the rising chatter of crickets. You slip your fingers between the door and the frame, gently pushing it aside.

She stares at you, eyes going wide. Wearing, you now notice, the same dress she had on that night. It’s rumpled and messy, but neatly tucked over her shoulders. She fidgets with it, tugging the collar up against her neck. You halt, taking a deep breath.

Fighting down the urge to bolt, you force yourself to step inside, closing the door behind you. Trembling, you force yourself to kneel. Her chest rises and falls a bit too quick.

It’s strange, though. Despite being a full head taller than you, something about her seems small. Maybe some compassion could be justified, but you’re still too busy fighting the urge to be literally anywhere else.

She trembles, looking to you for something. An explanation? Condemnation?

There’s a tiny, dark part of you that revels in reflecting your pain and terror back on her. Though her fear would mean more if you weren’t also shaking. And were she more fully responsible.

You clear your throat. “I… I just thought that, maybe, I should, I don’t know. Hear your story, I guess.”

Kagerou’s eyes flit left and right. She lets out a nervous laugh. Then stares you dead in the eyes before bowing her head to the floor. “I’m sorry.”

She lifts her head, just slightly. “I don’t know what happened. I promise. The moon always makes me a little strange, but it’s never made me do anything…”

Her voice falters. “I needed to have you then. I just,” she looks back up to you, “I lost control. I’m sorry.”

You look away. “It’s, well,” you struggle for the words, “I accept your apology.” Maybe you’ll forgive her, maybe you won’t, but you can at least acknowledge her remorse. “Besides, there were other things-”

She blinks, eyes moist. “…Are you naked under that?”

You blush. “…Yes. Thanks to my most recent… well, the last woman to do what, you know, you did.”

She grimaces. “I’m so sorry. Wait, last woman?” She stares, almost wall-eyed. “We’re talking about the same thing, right? Just how many, what’s even happened to you?”

“It’s, um.” How much to tell her? Fuck it. She’s showing what could be genuine interest in your well-being and you’re not about to waste that opportunity. You give her a quick, but complete explanation for what you know.

“If it helps, that night wasn’t the worst time I’ve had.”

In fact, you’re still wearing the reminder of a worse time.

She barks out a laugh, hollow and bitter. “Well, I’ll never give you a time that bad again.” She pauses, thinking. “But really? Even that thing I did with my legs?”

You groan. “Yeah. I’ve had worse.”

“Wow.” She leans back. “How’re you feeling?”

“I just want to go home.”

She sits back. “Well, crap. Is there anything I can help with?”

You rub your cheek. “Actually, yes. I still don’t understand what it is I do. Could you tell me any more details about why you did, well, that?”

“Details. About the night I…”

“Yes.” Your voice somehow cracks on that single word.

“Well,” Kagerou runs a hand through her hair. “I guess I’d been feeling a little strange at first. Like something exciting would happen if I just wandered around near the road.”

Does the aura not need visual contact, or was this unrelated?

She sets her hands back down, wringing them together. “Then, I dunno. I guess something just clicked when I saw you. I felt like I had to own you. To play with you. Like my very soul depended on you. And your, uh…”

You slide a hand across your belly. “My body?”

“Yes.”

“And just to be clear, you don’t feel that anymore, right?”

Kagerou glances away. “Not really.”

You suddenly feel cold. “What do you mean?”

Kagerou grunts, her voice squeaking. “I mean, I…” She hangs her head. “When I think back to that night, I feel upset. Angry at what I did. But I also, I also sort of…” She tilts her head, shaking. She lifts her skirt, swiping her fingers across her black panties. She holds them up.

They glisten.

Instantly, she cringes. “It’s so gross, isn’t it?”

“It’s… concerning.” You can’t decide whether to be scared that she still finds you hot, or disgusted that your power could make someone like something they hate.

“So, you’re still affected.”

She shakes her head. “I don’t know. But I wouldn’t need to be.”

What.

She continues. “It’s just that I’m weak, you know? Compared to all the bigshots, anyway. The idea of finally being the one in control, especially of a human…” She shrugs. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what’s going on, but we’re perfectly capable of being terrible people on our own.”

So, your power isn’t forcing it on her. Should this relieve or further concern you?

“But you acted completely different yesterday.”

“Like I said, the moon tends to make me a bit wild. I lose control more easily. And if you’re telling the truth, it could have made me more vulnerable to that thing you do.”

“Any particular reason it makes you wild?”

She rubs her neck. “Well, I’m a werewolf, sort of.” A small pair of ears pop out of her hair. “While it’s not pure lycanthropy, most days the wolf side’s small enough to hide.” The ears disappear back into her hair. “But on full moons…”

So, her wolf side may be more vulnerable than her human side. That makes sense, you suppose.

“Oh, uh…” Kagerou cringes again. “What was your name?”

Oh. She never learned that?

“Naoko.”

“Well, Naoko. I’m part of this network. It’s small right now, but I’ve been working hard to expand it. If it’s alright with you, I think I’ll try to warn them about you.”

You halt.

“I promise I won’t tell them anything too personal. I’d just describe your appearance and warn them about the effect you might have on them.”

You exhale. “That… that would probably help.”

“If there’s anything else I can help with, please. Please let me know.”

“I, I’ll think about it.” You stand up. “Can you give me a second?”

She blinks, wiping her eyes. “Sure.”

You slip outside, taking a breath. That went almost better than you dared to hope, but you need a moment to breathe.

A hand slips around your head, shoving your face between a pair of plump, bare breasts. It lets go and you stumble back.

“Been making progress?” Aya stands before you, rigid pink nipples poking out from breasts exposed by her unbuttoned shirt.

The cap’s gone, as are the shorts. She now wears a simple, open white shirt with a tiny black skirt. A red tokin sits on her head.

“Progress?”

She sighs, cupping her breasts. “Were these not a big enough hint?”

Right, the aura thing. Of course.

You think quick. “I’m getting close.” There’s something about her that bothers you right now, likely related to those tits. “Just give me a few more days.”

Aya clicks her tongue. “Not a very bright idea.”

“I’m working on it. I promise.”

Aya steps forward. She leans in, rubbing her breasts against your apron. You wince, stepping back.

And promptly bump into a pair of bare breasts. You whirl around, facing Aya. Again. She grips your head, leaning over your shoulder.

She whispers. “You know what it takes to keep a white wolf restrained?”

You shake your head.

“Well, I’ve got the tools do that now. And I’m itching to use them.”

She turns around and hooks an arm around your neck, forcibly guiding you down the hall.

“I promise you’ll be safe for about the next twenty-four hours, but beyond that…” She trails off, flicking one of your breasts.

“I’m working on it. I swear, as soon as I figure anything out, I’ll try to fix your problem.”

She grins. “That’s excellent. Especially since I’ve been having some motivation troubles lately.”

“Motivation?”

She waves a finger in the air. “It’s getting hard to do things that might separate us. Or change the ‘urges’ you’ve given me. I’d really rather not degrade myself with a human farmgirl, but it’s getting a bit tricky.”

“Would you at least have any leads to offer? Ways you think you could be cured?”

“Well, yes. The most likely place to find solutions would be in certain forms of very specialized magic.”

“Anywhere they could be found?”

“Well, I happen to know of a rather strange book in the village. I’ve also got a proper connection to Okina lined up, who might know a way to hook us up.”

“Wouldn’t you be better qualified for this?”

She squeezes you. “Like I said, intervention’s getting difficult. I’ll need a ‘morale boost.’ That’s you.”

“I’ll… I’ll think about it. Could you come back tomorrow?”

“Nope.” Aya separates, closing her shirt back up.

“Motivation’s waning fast. Maybe I’ll be here tomorrow, maybe I won’t. But if you want the help of a tengu you can trust, you need to act now.”

That’s…

This is exceptionally dangerous. But if it leads to a cure…

You take a breath. “Let’s get that book.”

“Great, let’s go.” Aya swings a hand around your hip.

You flinch. “Uh, wait. Just one second.” She lets you step away. You jog back to the room you’d left.

You pull the door open, finding a calmer Kagerou sitting inside. “I’ve got something to take care of. I’ll see you…” You think. “At some point.”

“If it’s important, I could come with you. I’m sure there’s something I could help with.”

You glance back. Her brow furrows and her arms sit, rigid, in her lap. Her eyes aren’t quite manic, but they’re very tense. As if her very soul’s been stretched taut. As much as you’d like another helper or ally with you, especially for this, you’re not entirely certain you trust her. Plus, as much as the memories of her smothering mound bother you, you’re not quite ready to risk condemning even her to that book’s attentions.

“I’ll… keep you in mind. Another time.” You move to close the door just as another thought interrupts you. “But if I’m not back by this time tomorrow, could you come to the village? Just to make sure I’m okay?”

She nods, determined, and you close the door.

You catch barely a blink of Aya before she sweeps you off your feet, cradling you in her arms. She strides down the hall, toward the exit. Then she flinches and turns around, turning you with her to face Hijiri’s hard stare.

Aya bows, smushing her tits against your face. “Personal business, right, Naoko?” She straightens up.

“Right.”

Hijiri sighs. “I’m not entirely certain what that means, and I wish to urge that you stay here. But if you intend to leave, I’ll merely insist that you exercise caution. Especially around Ms. Shameimaru.”

Aya just huffs and turns on her heel. She jogs forward, kicking open a wide door.

Polished wood gives way to darkened grass.

Crickets chirp and the heavy evening heat beats down on you. Grass rustles beneath you as Aya adjusts your weight, just before the air slams you into her stomach. In an instant, the grass drops away. The trees plummet beneath you as she rockets up, carrying you into the evening sky.

Aya climbs high above the forest, slowing only slightly as she changes direction. Trees whiz past as the wind deafens you. Her arms twitch, one hand sliding down your thighs before it jerks back up.

The wind eases and you glance ahead. The brilliant orange of the setting sun burns against the deep purple clouds, set against the indigo sky. You have less than an hour before the sun’s gone, but you’re still coming off a full moon, so the night won’t be too dark if it rises soon. Of course, full moons also mean wilder youkai. They shouldn’t be as wild as Kogasa and Kagerou were, but any travel alone will be out of the question.

Trees still rush beneath you, but not at the breakneck pace they did moments before. Pinpricks of light appear among the trees, soon resolving into glow of village lanterns.

Aya shifts your weight. “Let’s get this taken care of.”

You find yourself pressed tight against Aya once more as she slows again. The trees rush toward you as she descends. There’s a jolt, blurring your vision as she rushes to the side. In an instant, you’re descending not into trees, but among the tiled roofs of village structures. Once your own feet hit the ground, you separate, a little light-headed.

Aya grabs your hand and leads you through the streets. You try to ignore, at least for now, what this all implies about the reliability of the village walls.

You find enough closed or dimly lit shopfronts to tell you you’re in the commercial district. Though, judging by the vacant streets, you must be at the very edge, likely near the walls.

You find the hard-packed dirt of village streets an odd comfort.

Still walking, Aya rubs her hair. “Sorry about that mess with the forest. I was a bit distracted.”

“It’s… fine.” Details can wait. There’s something else that’s not right. Something like-

Aya pushes you forward, snagging an arm around your shoulder and pushing you into a crouch. The sounds of evening chatter and closing shops float in from up ahead. You’re still a ways away from the main thoroughfare, but you’re approaching busier streets.

She glances left and right, waiting. Then she lets go, standing up again but placing a finger to her lips.

It takes you a moment to recover, but you catch onto a worrying thought when you do. Whispering, you ask, “Aya, what about that book? The one I warned you about?”

She waves, dismissive. “I’ve got it under control.”

She passes by a few shops, scrutinizing the entrances. Then stops. You follow her gaze, recognizing the entrance.

Suzunaan.

What the hell are you doing back here?

She inches toward it, carrying you with her.

“Aya, why are we here?”

She grins. Not cocky, but not forced either. More a smug curiosity, somehow.

“I said we’d be getting a book, didn’t I?”

She holds up the flap, scooting you inside. She slips in behind you, scanning the nearest bookshelf.

It’s… dark. The store’s empty, the lamp’s out, and no one’s home.

You don’t belong here.

You turn back to the entrance. What have you just gotten yourself into? What did Aya mean by having the book ‘under control?’ Is it gone, or just limited in some way? You’d love to wait outside while Aya does whatever questionably legal activity she has in mind, but the book could be just around the corner for all you know.

And that doesn’t even get into what other artifacts could lurk around the corners in here.

You glance across the shelves yourself, hoping for glowing purple runes or something. If you could at least get your hands on that book, you’d have one concern taken care of.

“So, about your progress.”

A dim, earthy light illuminates the building. Aya rests against the desk, a lit lamp atop it. She crosses her admittedly beautiful legs. “How are we doing?”

You scan the now visible shelves for a purple binding. “I can feel how much someone wants me, I think.”

“So how bad do I have it, then?”

You turn back, shutting your eyes. It takes a moment, but then you’re bathed in waves of foul, disgusting lust. It seeps from Aya like an overstuffed jar, packed tight but ready to explode. More disturbingly, there’s another distinct source further away, deeper in the city. Distant, but far greater and less restrained.

Either the black book’s still around, or there’s something similarly terrible lurking in the village.

You open your eyes, trembling.

Aya tuts. “That bad, huh?” She glances left and right. “Alright, let’s just do this.”

She snags your wrist and yanks you into a cubby. Working her buttons off with one hand, she places a finger against your lips with the other.

You stay silent as her shirt falls open again. You look aside as she pops her smooth black bra up.

Then a pair of fingers pinches your cheeks, dragging your face back to her naked breasts.

Aya groans. “Once we’re done, you’ll tell no one about this.”

Still holding your cheeks, she yanks her panties down and lifts her skirt. There’s an inscription next to her thin, bare pussy. ‘Naoko.’

You flush, squirming as she holds your head in place.

Then she lets go, hiking her panties back up and dropping her skirt back into place. Her shirt hangs open and her bra still sits near her neck.

Aya searches the shelf behind her, yanking books out, turning them over, and stuffing them back.

You’re left staggered, but eager for some distance, so you scoot over to a shelf near the back. You catch a mix of burgundy, ochre, and even violet books, but nothing matching your last visit.

A book clatters to the floor. You spin back, only to find Aya shrugging and moving on.

You can only pray she knows what she’s doing.

You search through a few more shelves but find little else. More books and scrolls, but nothing you recognize. Frustrated, you look back to find Aya holding a scroll to her nose, sniffing it.

She then sniffs another. What is she looking for?

And where, exactly, was that book before? Back when Kosuzu, possessed by that demonic tome, had you at her mercy. It held you near the entrance, and near the desk, specifically. You retrace your steps, returning to the desk and sliding your hand along it.

Absently, you finger the corner you’d been pressed against. In one of your life’s few mercies, it’s smooth and dry.

You scan the bookshelves nearby, recognizing a vaguely familiar pattern in their distribution.

You flinch at the sound of a scroll unrolling. Spinning around, you find Aya reading one, rubbing one of its edges between her fingers. Turning back to the shelves, you follow the patterns, looking for…

There. You find the spot where you’d last seen it. Which is now a small gap between the books. Crouching down for a closer inspection only confirms it. The purple book’s gone, at least from this spot. Unless the owner decided to do some rearranging, someone must have bought, rented, or stolen it.

Either way, you’re still no closer to solving that dilemma.

Aya rolls her scroll back up behind you.

You turn back to her. “By the way, Aya, what exactly are you looking for?”

Aya hums, striding forward. She pulls a paper seal from her shirt pocket. “Doesn’t matter; it’s not here. I found this though.” She holds it before you. “Recognize it?”

You stare at it. As far as you can tell, it’s just a paper seal. Nothing more, nothing less. “No?”

Aya folds it and stuffs it back in her shirt. “Came off that book monster. It’s a bit worn down, but it’ll suit our purposes just fine.” She peeks over your shoulder. “You’re not so lucky though, huh?”

You glance back. “Well, I wouldn’t want to steal anything, so it doesn’t matter, does it?”

Aya clicks her tongue. “It does. You’re looking for a magician’s book, aren’t you? Purple cover?”

“Yes. Does that matter?”

Aya circles you. “All the books I could feasibly use are gone, so I’d hoped yours would be an exception. Seems it’s not.” She turns to face you again, putting one hand on her hip. “For them all to disappear in less than a day, there’s only one likely explanation. The puppet must’ve taken them. A gutsier move than I would’ve expected, but maybe something set it off.”

“Puppet?”

“The evil book’s puppet. Which means we’re not solving my problem without confronting it.” She turns and rests her ass against the desk, planting her hands beneath her. Which just so happens to push her still bare breasts out. “I’ve got at best another day where I can help you and about one, maybe two more before I lose it.”

…How, exactly, is this book ‘under control?’

Aya stares at you. “I can run in and try to find your magician’s book, but only if someone else keeps the puppet distracted.” She rests a hand on her thigh. “But I don’t know exactly where the book would be, and we don’t even have any decoys anyway. So, either we hunt for volunteers, risking the exposure of our only plan, or we wait another day for better leads.”

“But then you’d be less reliable, right?”

Aya groans. “It’s worse than that.” She looks you over. “Urgh, yep. If we wait, you and I will need to do a little something first.”

Your hands fly to your breasts and crotch, pinching the apron to your skin and belt.

“I know. It’s gross. Ick, humans.” She glances away. “But I can’t spend an entire day setting this up, and then expect to pull it off, if I can’t focus.” She shrugs. “If it helps, my reputation’s on the line here, so I’d need to be very gentle.”

“What if I was the decoy?”

Aya stares at you. “What if you were to put yourself in front of the creature that most wants to fuck you.”

“If it hasn’t been caught yet, it must be trying to avoid attention, right? If I kept us somewhere public…”

Aya drums a hand on the desk. “It’s gutsy enough to raid this place. Besides, there’d be no way to keep you in the open for long at night, so we’d need to wait until morning. I might be able to get a little research in before we move, but you could bet the puppet would work hard to get you alone.”

She puts a finger up, shutting her eyes. “On the other hand, our only hope for short term recruits is either the schoolteacher or an exterminator. The teacher should be easy enough to convince but it’ll blow our cover wide open. An exterminator gives us some leeway, but we may need to offer something big for such short notice.”

She sighs, opening her eyes. “Well, it’s your ass on the line, so I guess I’ll let you make the call.” 

Jittery, you reach a shaking hand out and lay it on Aya’s thigh. “Let’s do it, I mean, you can, well, if you want to…”

She lays a hand on your shoulder, pushing her breasts to one side. “You’ll let me do you.”

You sigh. “Yes. Please be gentle.”

She scoffs, standing and turning away. “I will. But…” she turns back to you, biting her lip, “well, that doesn’t matter anymore, anyway.”

You step back, fidgeting with your apron as you scan the shelves again. You take one last glance, seeking out that book one last time. As you do so, the cool, unyielding steel rubs against your crotch. You’ll need to work around that somehow.

Aya’s already buttoning her shirt back up when you turn back to her. She soon pops the last button back in, then offers you a grin and an open hand. You accept it, which she uses to pull you in, bumping the side of her ass against your own and draping a hand across your back, settling on your hip.

Awkwardly, you slide your own across her back to grip her side. Just to keep it away from her ass.

Letting go of your arm, she guides you back to the entrance, slipping past the drape and walking out into the evening streets. A distant, violet light still shines across the horizon, leaving the village smothered a deep, dark blue, punctuated only by the wavering amber light of lanterns.

Squirming in her embrace, something bothers you. “Didn’t you dislike humans?”

She groans. “No, they’re fascinating. I just…” She waves a finger, almost drunkenly, through the air. “No offense, but I find the idea of fucking one weird and a little gross, that’s all.”

You feel yourself pout at that. “Sorry for being gross.”

She flinches. “It’s not… not that.”

She takes a deep breath. “It’s just not the kind of story I want going around.”

The two of you walk in silence, straying away from both the walls and the still-active streets.

“So, who is this puppet?”

Aya looks away. “Trust me. I’ll be with you all night and have you out of here first thing in the morning.”

“But who is she and what happens if she leaves the village?”

“She won’t, I promise.”

“Even if she finds out I’m not here. The person that you said she really wants to fuck?”

“Well…” Aya trails off, looking ahead.

Warm light pours from an open door. A shop that hasn’t yet closed.

Aya glances back, twisting you around to scan the road behind you. She looks forward again. The light flickers.

“Please, Aya. How can I trust anyone if I can’t be sure they’re not possessed by that monster?”

Aya groans. The door closes, cutting off the light.

She strides forward, carrying you with her. She slows back down once you’ve crossed the door and turns into a side alley.

In moments you find yourself amid small, musty houses. Still rubbing sides, she takes you through a few winding alleys until you’re standing before one such house, tucked tight between its neighbors. Aya lets go and pulls a key from her skirt, using it to unlock the door.

“I’ll tell you soon, okay?”

“…Alright.” You’re still not sure why she’s so evasive, but at least you’ll be getting an answer now. Hopefully.

She opens the door and you follow her inside. She closes it behind you, plunging the room into shadow.

You stand against the wall, next to the door, as Aya scoots something heavy around. Metal scrapes against stone and tiny sparks fly out, illuminating parts of the room in tiny, fitful pinpricks.

A second later, a warm, orange light bathes the room, emanating from a simple, heavy lantern atop a large crate.

This isn’t even a house. It’s just a well-built shed. There’s a pile of similar crates to one corner of the room, near the door. Notebooks, nails, dolls, and other objects litter the floor. In a distant corner, across from the crates, lie several coils of heavy rope. A pile of shirts, pants, and other garments sits against the other far corner. And, across the door from the crates, lies a single, heavy futon, rolled up and propped against the wall.

Aya shuffles about the room, gathering up the nails and dolls, then dropping them near the ropes. You find yourself drawn to the crate in the center. Scattered around the candle are loose papers. Scooting forward for a closer look, you find they’re notes, written in a language you don’t recognize.

Some Tengu script, perhaps?

Aya unrolls the futon behind you. “We’re really doing this, aren’t we?”

Your belt itches. “We don’t have to. You could just drop me off in the temple.” You find yourself tense, twitching and half-tempted to trade the threat of gang rape for this.

Aya sighs. “No, I can’t.” She strides back, circling the box until she stands across from you.

“Wait. If we’re really going to…” You swallow. “Do you have any drinks? Sake, perhaps?”

Aya grins. “Of course, Ms. Honda.” She hops over to the boxes, pries one open, and pulls out a bottle. She then pulls out a clay cup and carries both to the crate. Scooting the notes together with her forearms, she sets the cup and bottle down on an empty spot. She then shuffles all the notes together and sets them in a neat pile.

She pops the bottle open and fills the cup, handing the cup to you. As you accept it, she walks back to the crates and pulls out a box, which she carries back to the table.

She opens the box, revealing a series of plain dango skewers and a small black bottle. Popping the bottle open, she drizzles a brown syrup over the skewers, then sets the box in front of you.

She grins again. “Enjoy.”

You take a sip of the sake.

Aya clears her throat, standing across from you again and wearing what you can only describe as a ‘business face.’ “Now, we’re here so I can get my work done and stay out of your hair tomorrow. So, to that end.” Aya stares at you, wearing the kind of smile that’s excited, but gives you the feeling she’s hiding a stomach full of butterflies. “Naoko, keep your eyes on me.”

Aya grabs the sake bottle and presses it to her lips, flipping her head up. She chugs it, draining it to the last drop, then slaps it back on the crate, letting out a satisfied sigh.

You feel a bit of relief that she didn’t try feeding you any of that the way Mystia would.

She pops the red tokin cap off her head, leaning over to settle it on yours. She sways backward, away from you. It’s slow and shaky, but deliberate. You settle down, grabbing a skewer and sliding the first ball into your mouth.

It’s soft and chewy, with the right balance of sweet and salty.

Aya reaches behind her back, fiddling with something near her waist. A moment later, she slides a black belt our from her shirt, dropping it on the floor. She starts to sway again, undoing the bow underneath her collar. She drops it on the discarded belt.

She starts humming and swinging her hips back and forth.

She clears her throat, fixing her flushed face at you as she slides the top button free of her shirt. The next two follow, one after the other, slowly revealing the plain bra she’d already shown off before.

She had no problem shoving her raw pussy and tits in your face before, so why’s she worried now?

Though as the next button follows, you find yourself better able to appreciate the full weight of her breasts and the shiny fabric holding them back. You munch on the next ball as she tugs the last button free. She steps forward and leans onto the crate, providing a deep, close view of her cleavage.

It’s not as deep as others, but their firm, smooth curve makes your mouth water.

Her next grin’s still flushed and shaky, but it shows more of the cockiness you’re used to from her.

Aya pulls back, spinning slowly as she shrugs the shirt off one arm, then the other, and tosses it away.

You take another sip of sake as she faces away, her bra strap being the only barrier between your eyes and her sculpted back. She flexes, showcasing her light, toned muscles.

That’s when you notice her shimmying her skirt down her legs. But the shiny black panties atop that round ass draws your attention away. Your heart pounds as you feel the heat and moisture build. You wonder if it would really be so bad for her to pin you down and have her way with you.

You need a release. Soon.

Aya kicks her skirt off to one side and turns around. You finish your skewer, munching both balls in quick succession as she steps forward and leans toward you. Reaching around her back, she works her bra, snapping the clasp open. Gently, she reaches with one arm to pull the strap off the other. Then, sliding the other strap off, she holds the bra up against her chest, squishing her breasts together. You start munching on another skewer.

Still grinning, she slowly lifts the bra up and off, her nipples and puffy areola finally free.

She stands up straight, stepping back and tossing her bra aside. She slides her thumbs into the waistband of her black panties. She cocks her hips to one side and leans forward, largely obscuring her crotch.

As she slides the panties down her legs, your mind wanders to the thought of playing with the pussy she so brazenly shoved in your face before yet teases you with now. Oh, to make someone beg for your touch, just once. You down a long, deep gulp of sake as you start to quiver.

The panties slide over her shoes and off completely. Once discarded, she straightens back up, planting her hands behind her neck and spreading her legs.

There’s a trickle already slipping down one leg, from the pussy splayed out before you.

And you’re not too far off yourself.

But something changes when Aya straightens up and leans in. Her bedroom eyes and devious smirk bring other, darker thoughts to the fore.

She slides a hand along your cheek.

You jolt upright, spin around, and sprint for the door. Her tokin clatters to the floor behind you.

In a flash, Aya’s hard, puffy nipples press against your back as she wraps her arms around you. She spins around, drags you back, then turns and dumps you on the futon.

She drops to her hands and knees, crawling over you until her head hangs over yours.

“Idiot.” She doesn’t glare, but her lip trembles. “What the hell were you thinking?”

Your mouth opens. Then closes. “I… I don’t know. I just, I got scared. I’ve seen that kind of face before.”

She grimaces. “That’s, understandable. Maybe. But you know what’ll happen if you go out without an escort, right?”

“The puppet?”

“The puppet. She’s got people all over the village. She’s…” Aya looks at the wall, then back to you. She drops her voice to a whisper. “It’s Akyuu. She’s the puppet.”

You stare at her, she scowls back.

That’s… impossible. Anyone else. You’d accept anyone else. Without Akyuu’s work, you’d have wound up in some youkai’s basement months ago. Sure, you had some close calls from rabbits, foxes, and tsukogami who weren’t on the Memento, but Byakuren? Hell, even Aya would’ve already taken you if not for her profile.

“Look, Naoko. I promised I’ll be gentle, and that I won’t do anything you don’t allow. But you and I both know this needs to happen. And getting caught certainly won’t help either of us.” She shifts her weight, just slightly jostling her tits. “So, will you let me take your clothes off?”

You take a deep breath. Your body’s still warm and your slit still wet. You might need this almost as much as she does. “Okay.”

Aya’s face flushes, but she gives you one more, cocky grin. “I thought you’d say that.” Before you can respond, she flicks your swollen nipple. Which, now that you’re looking, pokes up through your apron. She sets her hands on your collarbone, undoing the clasp. Then, gently, she peels the cloak from your shoulders and knocks it away from your arms.

She leans down, brushing her nipples against your bust as she slides her hands under your back. You lift if up, allowing her to grab your apron’s knot.

“Trust me, I’ll make you feel good.”

“I, I’ll try to make you feel good too.”

She giggles. “Well, that’s the goal.”

In a second, she has the knot undone and pulls the tassels out. Then she leans forward, dragging her breasts near your face as she grabs the apron collar. The smell of ink and downy feathers washes over you. She slides it up and over your head, then pulls back, taking the apron with her.

Slowly, she peels it back across your body, first exposing your own bust, then your belly.

She then tosses it to the side, exposing you completely before her.

Except for your pussy, still locked behind your belt. Aya stares at it, perplexed.

“You don’t have the key, do you?”

You swallow, your mouth suddenly dry. “No, I don’t.”

“Hmm…” Aya leans forward again, until your noses touch. She plants a light, soft kiss on your lips. “So, what do you suppose we do about it?”

“We can’t just keep going with it on?”

“Hmm…” Aya presses her lips to yours again. She hums, sliding them from side to side. She pulls back.

“I don’t know. I can’t make you feel so good like this, can I?”

“Is there anything you can do about it, though?”

Aya plants one more peck on your lips, then sits up, resting her thighs on your knees. She puts a hand to her chin, looking up.

Then turns back to you. “Yes, actually. I think I can. It would break the belt, though.”

You might convince her to cuddle anyway, then try to find a better solution in the morning, but that’s playing with fire at this point. Maybe tell her where the key was last and hope she finds it.

You run your hands along her thighs. You need release and so does she, but you need to keep this belt. Aya stares back at you, half pouting, as she drags your hands to her ass. “Can I break it or not?”

Your own pulse quickens. Your pussy aches for attention, the dormant toy still sitting within its folds. Unconsciously, you squeeze her ass cheeks. You need to resolve this now, before something new interrupts your chance. But you have nothing to work with, save your own naked body and your…

Magic. You brought Murasa to an instantaneous climax using only the power you hold. Drawing your mind back, you find that reservoir still resting within you. If you shot a similar blast at Aya, you should win similar results.

She’s not the problem, really. You’re getting so needy you sort of look forward to feeling and tasting her. But if you could then fire a similar blast at yourself…

Well, you’ve no other viable options, so you might as well try.

“We don’t need to touch my belt.”

She blinks, eyes narrowing at you.

You take a deep breath, sliding one hand off her ass. You hold it over your heart, drawing streams of lush, primal energy from your core to that hand. Working from memory, you ramp up its intensity, then point one finger at Aya’s heaving tits.

“What are you doing?”

“I made a girl climax on the spot and, well, you didn’t want to fuck a human, right?”

Aya massages your sides, glancing away. “Well, yes.” Strange, she looks half disappointed. She shrugs. “This won’t make me any worse, right?”

The energy nears its peak. “Hm?”

“Your influence, this won’t make me completely addicted, right?”

The energy falters. “I… probably won’t?”

“Probably.”

Aya slides a hand down, rubbing the stubble just above your mound. She bumps her palm against your slit, cracking your focus. “You’re not really going to take that chance with me, right?”

You suck in a breath, regathering lost power. “It’ll be fine, I think.”

Her eyes narrow further, but you don’t think she’ll stop you from firing it off.

You’ve never used it on anyone but Murasa, but you’d know if it made her worse, right? You’ve never met since then, but you’d have woken up on her thighs, or Hijiri would’ve warned you about her, or something.

You also collapsed when you used it, but it was your first real use of any magic powers. Besides, Mystia and Wriggle had already beaten you down by then. Here you’d be fresh and focused. At the very least, if something terrible happens, you’d know immediately. 

You shut your eyes and fire the beam, point blank, into Aya’s chest. Her breath hitches and she locks up. Time slows and a little mewl escapes her lips. You open your eyes.

Aya remains, limbs locked, looming over you. Her breasts hang just above you and her hair grazes your cheeks. She takes a tight, shuddering breath. Then, like Murasa, she screams. High pitched and wailing, ecstatic right from the start. Then she collapses, her bust crashing down and knocking the air from your lungs. Her head thumps into the futon beside you as you wheeze, hoping to refill your lungs.

In an instant she’s quaking, wrapping her arms around you and squeezing you tight as her body convulses atop you. You force small, shallow breaths out from under her heavy bust and locked limbs. Her quaking body sends shivers through your own, inflaming the burning heat inside you.

Hopeful, you regather your waning strength, drawing energy once more to your center. It slips and flickers through the haze, but it gathers. Aya’s sweat seeps across your skin. You just need to fire off one more shot to complete this.

Aya gasps and sputters. Then, shuddering, she pulls herself back up. Hovering over you, she glances down, eyes glazed over in sheer bliss.

Well, at least you know the beam works. Now if you could just get yourself off.

Aya sighs, dreamy. She drags her lips to yours, slobbering over your mouth without the slightest care. Her tongue drags along your lips as you try to get your power back together.

Her tongue pokes your teeth. Still focused on your body, you let her slip inside. She presses her lips down as she flicks your tongue with her own. Filling your mouth, she bats at your tongue, distracting you. Hoping to calm her down, you lick hers. She drifts back. Regathering your power, you plant a hand against your side and fire.

You hiss into Aya’s throat as a warm pleasure ripples through you. Then dissipates.

Groaning, you prod her tongue again, which pulls back. You regather your strength for another shot, poking your tongue further up.

Then she pulls out from your lips entirely. You follow, licking near the base of her own tongue.

She clamps down, tugging at your tongue with her lips. You’re almost there again. She sucks down, her cheeks pressing your tongue flat against hers.

Your power snaps loose. In a panic, you drag it back together as your saliva glides up her throat.

You have it back together just as she releases you. You pat your hip and fire again.

You gasp as your own body twists and hitches, knocking Aya’s jaw from your face. You feel good, but not good enough, and you already feel the shock waning. Aya leans back as you twist and shiver. Your whole body feels warm, but the burning heat fades away, exposing only a dull need.

For a moment, you lie there, covered in your own cooling sweat, a mix of both your sticky juices pooling across your crotch and lower belly. You drag your power together again. Aya exhales as you grab your side and fire it off again. A tingle of pleasure, then nothing. Perhaps you’ll find a way to perfect it later, but it’s not working here. Not with this… distraction now fingering your hair.

You look back up to her, eyes pleading. Your only remaining hope of release tonight. “Please, I need to come. You’ll help me, right?”

She leans down again, stroking your chin. There’s a feral tint to her grin. “With pleasure.” She plants a hand on your belly.

“But…” She trails her finger down, bumping against your belt. She leans in close, eyes narrowing over her grin. “What will I do?”

You turn away, shuddering. “I don’t know. I just need this.”

Aya twists to face you, giving your lips a peck. “Aw, you’re cute.” She slides her fingers over the belt’s cross and down the grill, rubbing the flesh beneath each side.

You shiver at her touch, arching your back. Of course, all that achieves is pressing the metal of your belt to her palm. Aya glances to it, then back to you.

She grins again.

“I’ve got an idea. It’s not a good one, but it’s the best you’re getting if you insist on keeping the belt on.”

She turns and swings a leg over you. More juice drips from the pussy now hovering over your head. She leans down, kissing the grill over your pussy. Her dripping fluid hits your lips, giving you the first full taste of her desire.

You’re so needy you don’t even mind.

Aya runs her tongue down your belt, traces of her saliva dripping through. Your pulse quickens. “Wha- what are you doing?”

Aya runs her tongue in a few more circuits. “I’m doing what I can.” She wiggles her hips. “Besides, if I can’t get myself inside you…”

She lowers her hips and for once, you look forward to what awaits.

Her pussy lands on your lips. The smooth, taut skin offers welcome relief to Kagerou’s scraggly muff or Mystia’s fat mound. It’s simple, smooth and slender. Aya presses down on your crotch as you take your first, tentative lick of her leaking slit. The tight flesh resists your touch.

You rock your hips as Aya presses her knuckles to your belt, as if she’s trying to get a finger underneath it.

You slide your tongue back down her slit. Maybe, if you shove yourself deep enough in, bury yourself in her flesh and her scent, it’ll be enough.

Aya’s thighs twitch, nudging your cheeks as she lets out a moan. She pokes at your belt a couple more times. Then gives up.

She stands up, dragging her shimmering pussy out of reach as she steps over you and away. You twist and squirm as the heat dies back down. You moan, almost praying for her touch.

Then she comes back with a feathered, five-pointed fan. She leans over your crotch, running the feathers along the belt. Your thighs shake as they tickle your skin.

She pulls it up, then swats the air above your belt. A gust of air blows through the grill, tickling your pussy and reigniting your lust.

She runs a hand down your belly as she sets the fan down. Your thighs twitch and your breath hitches. She scoots forward, once more leaning over you and squeezing your left breast to support her weight. She gives you a quick peck, then lifts the fan up.

You wince, bracing yourself as she drags it back down. Wind rushes through your pussy, brushing against your flesh. You jerk, breathing out through clenched teeth. You’re shivering and warm.

Aya coos into your ear, rubbing your breast in circles.

“You said you want to come, right?”

You gulp. “Y-yes. Please.”

She chuckles, patting your belt with light, teasing swats. The wind tingles, forcing you to clench your legs together in pure desire.

“Well then…” She licks her lips. “How do I look?”

You twist to one side, splaying your legs out. You lift your back again, pushing her hand against her own bust.

“You’re… pretty.”

“Hm…” Aya drags the fan up your belt, your thighs still twitching at its touch.

“You’re very healthy, and…”

Aya lets go of your breast to pinch your cheeks together. She drags your eyes back to her chest.

“Try again.”

“Your… your breasts?”

She lets go, running the hand down your side.

“You’ve got sexy, perky tits?”

She leans back down, kissing your neck. She swats the fan across your belt, bringing another rush of pleasant but frustrating wind.

“And, and you’ve got a tight, inviting pussy.”

She swats your belt again. You gasp as a wave of pleasure ripples down your body. You’re panting now.

“And a great ass.”

She winds up for another one, only to halt it halfway down.

She places a finger across your lips, then leans back down. Her face blocks out the weak lantern light and her hot breath glides down your nose.

“One last little thing.” She flicks the fan across your belt. Your crotch jerks and the tingling rush of air. “Who’s giving you your release?”

Shuddering, you breathe out, “you.”

“And since I’m risking my reputation here, I’m sure you could do me a little favor once we’re done, right?”

You squirm. “Yes. Please just-”

“Good.” She pulls back, her breasts heaving as she leans up. She raises her fan.

She slams her fan down, stopping it just above your belt.

The air crashes through you, tearing at the soft, tender walls inside. You don’t care. You choke as your entire body arches high. A second blast of air hits you, blinding you with pleasure.

You sputter as your body burns. Tiny, gasping breathes eek through your throat as you fight through the bliss.

Then another gust hits. You scream, twisting and stretching as the climax hits. Your sight and thoughts melt away in the face of this ecstasy.

Then there’s a click and a flash, searing the room in white for a split second. You gasp, still riding it out as Aya leans back down, holding that black and gray ‘camera’ of hers. She lies beside you, pressing her breasts and cheek to your side as she holds the device out.

There’s another click and another flash.

She rolls atop you, still holding it out as her panting, sweating body presses down on you. Sliding her spare hand under your head, she presses her lips to yours once more.

Another click.

Your body eases back down as she frees your lips. You heave and moan, twitching and shivering as the lingering pleasure flows through you. For the first time in what feels like months, you feel good.

Aya sets the camera aside to cradle your head with both hands. Her eyes twinkle in the lantern light as she moves in for one more kiss.

You close your eyes, parting your lips. Her chest heaves and subsides atop you as she caresses your hair. For a split-second, her weight disappears, before her breasts and legs once more settle atop your body.

She presses a wad of sticky, elastic fabric through.

Your eyes fly open. She winces, holding a finger to her lips. She’s got a roll of rope in her hand.

“I’m very sorry, but you did just finish the job.”

She reaches down. You grab her wrists, holding them back. She stares you down.

Your arms already quake, weakened by your moment of ecstasy. The taste of sweat and pussy fills your mouth.

She pushes her hands down, pressing a strand of rope over the cloth. She then eases up, letting you push her arms back. “I don’t have to tie you up, though. Well, not if I know you’ll behave.”

You look back to her, hopeful.

“Aww, don’t go enslaving me then turn around and give me the puppy-dog eyes.” She shakes her head. “Like I keep saying, I don’t want to do anything terrible. You just keep forcing my hand.”

There’s a knock on the door.

She leans further, whispering. “Tell you what, you made me feel pretty damn good. I’m sure we can still work something out if you keep your head down.”

“Aya! I know you’re in there!”

You both freeze. You know that salty but silvery voice.

Shizuha.

Aya continues. “You know, there’s a few youkai who’d have found you by now if not for me. I want to keep things that way, but if I can’t find you…”

She hops up, jogging back to her clothes and working her bra back on. You find her shirt and skirt but can’t spot any panties on the floor. 

In moments, Aya has her full complement back together. She glances back to you, pressing a finger to her lips. Then, after a couple surreptitious whips of her fan, she opens the door, leaning out with it.

“What is it?”

“Where’s Naoko?”

You quiver. There’s an urgency to her voice, either hungry or worried. It must be concern. That someone else is getting close or something.

“She’s safe, Shizuha. Don’t you trust me?”

“Where, Aya?”

Aya groans. “Where’s the puppet?”

There’s a moment of silence. “Home. Probably asleep. You smell like her, do you know that?”

Aya shivers. “What about her minions?”

“Minions? How the hell am I supposed to know? About you-”

“Rough guess.”

“I don’t know. Most people are asleep. She talked about helping ‘lost villagers’ earlier, but hasn’t mentioned anyone by name. Not publicly, at least.”

“Good, good.”

An evening breeze picks up outside, blowing against the walls.

“She’s here, isn’t she?”

Aya grumbles, then whispers something. You strain to listen in. You catch a warning, almost chiding tone from Aya, and something about ‘control.’

More silence. Shizuha coughs. “And you’re better?”

Aya fidgets. “Better than the puppet.” Aya leans further, only her skirt and her long, healthy legs remaining in view. “Are you going to do your part, or demand I give you a turn?”

The wind dies down. You listen further. Silence.

Then hasty, stumbling footfalls. She ran away.

You’re alone with Aya.

She swings back inside and shuts the door. She swaggers back toward you, then steps over you and leans down. Peeling your sheets back, she flicks a pair of fingers over your mouth and lifts her panties out.

She pats your head. “Good job. Buuut…” She squats down next to you, dropping her panties on your stomach. “We’ve got somewhere to be.” She stands up, kicks off her skirt, and drops it on your face.

“Put those on. We’re...” She scrunches her brow for a long moment, then fixes a stare on you. “Oh screw it, I just want an excuse to show off a little bit longer.”

“Show off?”

She looks left and right, groaning. “Just get dressed, Naoko.”

You lift her wet panties off your stomach. You swallow, but scrunch up your legs and slide them up. The belt presses out against the fabric. A bra flutters over your face as you grab the skirt. Peeling the bra off, you find Aya already naked again and pulling your apron over her head.

You tug Aya’s skirt up your legs and sit up to pull the bra down your arms. Then a pair of hands grabs the straps behind you, snapping it shut. You suck in a breath. It's a bit too tight this time, but you'll bear with it. Anything to make assault just that little bit more difficult.

Aya throws her shirt over you and pulls you up. Pushing your arms through the sleeves, you button it up. She ties off a slender ribbon in the skirt and pats you down, straightening it all out. She slaps your ass, then circles around.

“Wow. You look like a smaller, more timid me.” She leans down, away from you and all but shoving her ass in your face as she picks your cloak up. Throwing it over her shoulders, she shuts the clasp and grabs your hand.

You give your new shirt a sniff. You smell like an Aya-scented orgy.

Satisfied, she pulls you to the door and, pulling it open, she steps out into the night, taking you with her.

You open your mouth, only for her to shush you. “I want to hear a lot more about my body, but first things first.” She turns around, pulling a key from inside her cloak, and locks the door. Then, dropping the key back in the cloak, she spins back around and grabs your hand.

She drags that hand inside the cloak and presses it to her far ass-cheek. Then, draping her other arm over your hip, she marches down the road.

At least she’s got a firm ass.

“So, I’ve got a special present for you. Want to guess what it is?”

“Somewhere safe to hide?”

Aya glances aside. “Well, you’re on the right track. Anyway, sorry about the whole ‘Shizuha’ thing. It just wouldn’t have looked good. She’s really attached, you know. I can’t say her heart’s entirely in the right place, but...” She looks into the sky. You’re passing into proper neighborhoods now. “It’s close. She’s been so worried though, and she already knows how bad I’ve got it.”

Her stilted shoes click across the smooth stones. You wander some moments in silence. She stops.

“Remember what Shizuha did last night?”

“Which part?”

Aya grins. Then sweeps a leg under you, knocking your knees out in front of you. Then, facing the village center, she scoops you into her arms and leaps into the air. She performs a backflip, sailing over a couple houses, then clearing the wall. She lands just outside, staring at the village’s stonework, then turns in the opposite direction.

“That part.” She adjusts your weight, then takes off running. Lights flare to life around you as her pumping feet jostle you against her bouncing breasts. The warm yellow of fireflies dances near you while the more kaleidoscopic lights in the distance suggest fairies.

Aya weaves between trees and leaps over bulging roots. A burst of light explodes just behind you. You glance back to find a red fairy, with two others—one orange, one blue—close by. None of the noteworthy ones, as far as you can tell.

More shots streak by. Small bolts of fire, frost, and various lights. At some point, Aya kicks off and just flies through the woods, greatly easing the motion of her unbound bust. Why does everyone fly so close to the ground?

“I can fly too, you know.”

“Not half as fast as I can.”

Tress and branches whiz past you as Aya keeps ducking and weaving through the increasingly dense canopy. The pale moonlight grows increasingly dim as the trees grow ever larger and closer together.

You must've entered the forest of magic at some point. The light grows ever dimmer, but Aya doesn't even slow. Soon, all is dark save for distant pools of faint moonlight. You must be deep inside by now.

Then those pools of light wink out.

Your weight plunges into Aya’s gut as she brakes, throwing her feet out front to stop on a tree.

A high-pitched, childish giggle echoes around you. Then crashes into you, knocking you out of Aya's arms and into the hard, course roots below. She fumbles over you, hands literally groping over your breasts. She's dazed. And at least a head shorter than you.

“Hey baby, wanna let me ‘eat’ you?” The voice comes out deeper than the giggle, but squeaky.

“No.”

Aya groans.

The voice rockets back to it’s higher register. “Maybe just a little bit? How about kissing, is that okay? Some petting?”

You shiver, remembering Mystia. “No.”

“What? Come on! It’ll be awesome! Please? I haven’t had a good lay in decades. Do you have any idea what fairies are like in bed? They can’t focus! They’re all excited at first, but…”

Someone lifts her off you.

“She’s already fucked me, let her rest.”

“Aww… How about tomorrow?”

“Ask her then.” Aya’s footsteps move toward you. She grabs your collar and hauls you up. “We're close enough. You like surprise presents, right?”

You're not sure if it's her tone or the utter darkness, but a chill slips down your spine. “What kind of surprise?”

She dusts you off. “Remember what you left the village for?” She spins you around and rubs your back. “Now, just remember that you've got me all enthralled. Go ahead and date or love or marry or fuck whoever you want, but if you ever get a booty call from me...” She whispers. “You'd better come running. Otherwise I might need to make do with... someone else. And I sure as hell won’t be gentle.”

She shoves you forward.

You stumble across dry, dusty dirt. Then trip on plush carpet before tumbling into the side of a deep, wide, and impossibly soft bed. You spend a moment lying there, perplexed. She’d spent just about every moment with you talking about restraints this and kidnapping that, but now that she’s even deeper under, she just lets you go with some vague threat?

A door clicks shut behind you. Light returns, revealing an opulent bedroom. Deep red carpet and sheets. Dark, polished marble walls. A pile of wide pillows at the left end of the bed, flanked by masterwork nightstands. A delicately framed, full-body mirror by the mahogany door you just came from. Another matching door across from it. Then, at the far end of the room, across from the foot of the bed, is one more door, this time decorated in silver and gold.

A suite of full-size mannequins flank that door, each wearing some elaborate dress or lingerie in a range of colors from white and pink, to violet and crimson.

You lie there, sinking into the bed's embrace, almost embarrassed to stain it with your presence. And Aya's sweat.

Then the side door opens, across the bed. Out steps Mystia Lorelei, ears splayed and wings curled around her moist skin, hid only behind the pink towel wrapped around her torso.

You pick yourself up and step, slow and careful, back to the door you came from.

She sees you, freezes, and ducks back into the room she came from, slamming the door behind her.

You turn around and tug open the door you came from, only to find a large closet. More dresses and lingerie hang from poles running along the walls, but so do gorgeous kimonos and more outsider-y tops and bottoms.

The door behind you slides open in slow, shuddering movements. You turn around to find Mystia steal a glance at you before ducking back inside.

You’re finally where you wanted to be, but you’re stuck with Mystia and one door that might get you away from her. Her timidity could suggest she’s calmed down like Aya seemed to, but it may only mean she fears scaring you off again.

You decide to keep your mouth shut and lift one foot forward, keeping your eyes peeled on Mystia’s door. You drop that foot down, lifting the other behind it. You wait a moment, almost holding your breath. Silence. You slip around the bed, brushing past the carved oak posts at each corner. Step by quiet, nervous step, you inch toward her door.

The soft light of the ceiling domes does little to ease your rising nerves.

You’re not strong, brilliant, or fast. But maybe she isn’t either. You have a little magic and one particularly bizarre power. You shut your eyes, feeling her rank lust wash over you. Amid all the filth, she holds still, just on the other side. You look down, hovering your hand just over the knob.

It’s sleek, elegant. Shaped like a lever but curving like a sensuous tongue. Your heart hammers its distress into your ears. You breathe out, quiet but shaking.

You grip the knob and twist, slamming the door open. Mystia stares at you, taken aback as her hard, brown nipples pop free of a falling towel. For a split-second, your eyes wander to the bush you’d…

You slam three pink hearts into her gut. You feel it now, just a little. More lust ripples out from the hits but her overflowing reservoir fails to grow.

Thank god.

She spins toward the wall, throwing her hands up. You round on her and swing your arm out, firing off another volley. She ducks away, toward the center. Then a wave of green light bathes the dark marble surrounding you.

Pale balls of light smash into you, knocking you against a hard, stone shelf. Groaning, you stare down the cocky grin of your assailant as she conjures more of those terrible orbs. You fire off another round of hearts. They whiz through the air now, but she still avoids them. You hurl yourself to one side as the next volley crashes down on you.

One of the smaller orbs clips you, burning your side and sending you reeling into the wall. You fire another round. She dodges again, then stops.

Dozens of red and blue spheres pop into existence around her, flying out as they appear. You pump out your own swarm of hearts and fire them off as fast as you can, then dodge to the side.

It’s not even close. A red ball crashes into your shoulder, then a blue into your leg. Then another blue into your head. You crumple, knees splaying as your ass thumps into the wet tile.

She stops. Her grin grows devious. Her bare feet slap across the wet tile as those long, soft legs carry her toward you. She kneels and places a hand on your shoulder.

“Are you… feeling okay, Aya?”

What? You glance down. Right. Her clothes. Her scent. Mystia’s smile darkens again.

You fire another heart into her gut. She staggers back. You haul yourself up and heave forward, grabbing at her shoulders. She slams into the wall beside the door, your hands having landed on her tits instead. She blushes, breathing hard. Her eyes stare deep into yours. Her eyelids fly out.

“Naoko? Is that you?”

You cup her crotch. Hand shaking, you ready another shot, bathing her pussy in pink light.

“Don’t move a muscle.”

She stares back at you, intense and bright red. You keep your eyes hard and steady.

She twitches. Your heart pounds. You’re a hair’s-breadth from becoming her plaything again. Your hand shakes.

Her eyes narrow. You stare her down. Your hand vibrates as you hold the shot. She licks her lips. Small droplets slide from her damp hair, down her neck.

“Feeling frisky, Naoko?” She swats your thigh.

You fire, small hearts exploding across her mound. She screams, collapsing into you. Still gripping her pussy, you force energy through your hand one more time. Your whole arm shakes, but her crotch lights up again.

“Ow, ow, ow. Shit, Naoko. Did you really ha-”

Her pussy starts to vibrate. She leans back, looking down. She winces, giving you a sheepish grin.

“I’ll be good.”

You let go, keeping your shaking hand trained on her. “Turn around.”

She obliges. You grab her ass, reminding her of your vibrating threat.

“Walk.”

She obliges. You guide her around the door and back out into what must be the bedroom.

She pants. “You know, Naoko, th-”

“Shut up.” Your body aches. Your hand throbs. You have maybe a couple seconds left to secure her before your last shot winks out. You pick up the pace, marching her to the bed. You eye the posts. They’re not terribly thick, but they’ll have to do.

You shove her forward. She crawls onto the plush crimson blanket. You freeze. You throw your gaze around. Fancy clothes near the untested door, with a few more in the closet. You look down your own body. Nothing useful.

Mystia coughs, almost demurely. “There are-”

You hold an open palm out. “Wait here.” You step back, away from her and toward the closet. Taking one last glance at her, you throw the door open again and rush in. You throw rows of hanged clothes aside, finding chests of accessories you don’t recognize. Not immediately, at least. You rush from one side to the other. Then from there to the back. Finally, you find something recognizable. A slick, shiny pair of deep red handcuffs. You snatch them from the chest, spotting a matching, heavy collar nearby. That thing must reach from the chin to the shoulder. You grab it too and rush back out.

Mystia sits at the edge of the bed, stretching her wings as her feet swing out, thumping a lazy rhythm against the base.

You march forward. You snag one wrist, pulling it to the nearest post. She sets it by the post herself, sliding the other next to it. You wrap a cuff around one wrist and snap it shut, then snap the other cuff on her.

You step back, letting out a shaking, relieved breath. Mystia tugs her wrists back, catching on the bedpost. She pulls. The post holds firm. She arches her back, heaving against the post. It holds. A disbelieving giggle tumbles off your dry tongue. You’ve done it. You’ve…

She squeezes her thighs. She flutters her eyes, still flushed. She’s already stained the blanket underneath her.

She twists her wrists. “So, uh, what now?”

You have no fucking clue. You could just… leave her there, probably. The post connects to a rectangle of wood above her, so she’s not likely to escape. You could just find Lady Matara or her lackeys, work out habitation arrangements, wait out the village fiasco, and so on. Maybe come back later if you really want to worry about Mystia’s feelings.

But there’s something that puzzles you. Besides the fact that this room just happened to have those cuffs and… you’re still holding the collar. Which is where Mystia’s eyes rest right now. She licks her lips.

You laugh, a little nervous. “You didn’t buy my bluff, did you?”

Mystia blinks, flexing her arms around the post and focusing back on you. “Bluff? You mean you’re not going to play with me?”

What? “No. I mean, I never intended…” You suck in a breath, trying to figure out how to explain…

Mystia giggles, light and soft. “Sorry, sorry. But hey,” she bows her head, “would now be a bad time to apologize for earlier?”

“Earlier.”

“When I raped you.” She sucks in a breath. “Sorry about that. My bad.”

You stare, disbelieving. “That’s it?”

She tilts her head, her voice dropping to an almost sensual tone. “Well, if you want a little more contrition, you could always try to ‘extract’ some.” Her shoulders twist and shiver, rippling out to her wings.

A moment passes. Did she just try to egg you on? Pull you into some weird roleplay? Is there even a good way to respond?

She shakes her head. “I mean, I’m really sorry. Honest.” She looks down. Her ears flutter. “I don’t suppose you could give me another try?”

There’s a voice in your head, screaming at you not to say it. But you can’t resist. “No.”

Mystia sags, letting out a sad sigh. You feel euphoric. You’re in control. You got to say ‘no’ to her and watch her squirm.

And she probably won’t get to gut you or rape you for it.

She looks up, giving you a nervous smile. “You remember what Wriggle wanted to make you?”

You don’t quite glare at her. “Is it really that different from what you wanted?”

She shrinks into herself. “She wanted a slave, right? For you to be her personal property?”

You let out a tight, clipped breath. “That’s the impression I got, yes.”

“What if we started off like that?”

You pause, staring at her. She hugs her legs and wings to her body, covering her nipples and pussy. “I do whatever you want. If I step out of line, you leave.”

“You’d just pin me down if I tried.”

Mystia looks away. “That’s not true! I…” She looks the other way, dropping her wrists near her feet. “You need someone watching your back. I know I don’t seem like anyone you could trust right now, but I swear that if you even tried to leave, it would hurt. You could hold that over me, if you have to.”

No, no, no. You’re not buying it. “And just why would you want that?”

She hurls her gaze away, burning red. “I…” She fidgets her wrists. “I want your heart more than your body.”

“And you’d just do anything I said for that?”

There she goes, blushing again. “Anything. I could help carry things for you or negotiate for you. Or help navigate strange places.”

“Like here?”

Mystia sweeps her eyes across the roof, then the silver door, before turning back to you. “A little. I also know you’ll need someone to help you fight people. Especially,” she smirks, “given your performance here.”

Now it’s your turn to blush. “I panicked!”

She giggles. “It’s fine, it’s fine. Trust me, these things take time to learn. Besides, I’m sure I could give you a few tips.” She quiets down, staring at you. But stealing glances to the collar.

“So, what do you say? Want your own personal songbird?”

“But seriously, anything?” You give her a hard stare.

“Anything.” She fixes you with a firm and resolute, but decidedly red stare of her own.

It’s tempting. You’re still not sure you’re safe yet and the thought of having a youkai at your beck and call does allure you. But a youkai’s just about the last thing you want watching your back, especially after what she pulled. You don’t have the keys for her cuffs on hand, but they’re probably somewhere back in the closet. 

You know what, you can do two things at once. You step to the side and deposit the collar beside Mystia’s bare ass. She glances at it, the barest hint of a smile beneath her twitching eyes.

You return to your previous position at the foot and adopt a wide stance, planting your hands on your hips.

The small chain between Mystia’s wrists clinks as she rubs them together, giving you a pensive smile. You decide to start this off simple.

“Chirp.”

She chirps, a questioning tone to her voice.

You step forward. “Again.”

She chirps again, audibly nervous. You advance.

She has her knees folded on the bed before her, her big breasts facing you behind an arm hanging to the side. Her wings fold behind her.

“Caw.”

Mystia stares at you, blank. “I… can’t do that.”

“Try.”

Her throat wobbles, then she chirps again, shriller this time.

You fold your arms. She gives you a wobbling but cocky grin. It makes you feel just a little like Wriggle, but you need to wipe that smile off her face. Not because she captured, confined, and raped you of course. It’s just that you need to know she’s serious.

“Tweet.”

She gives you a soft, warbling tweet. Her arms twist, baring those rigid brown nipples again. Maybe she’s just cold, but her body just sets you on edge.

You plant your hands on the mattress on either side of her thighs and stare into her flitting eyes. She wiggles her arms, thumping the post next to her.

“Sing for me.”

She stutters a bit, coughs, then belts out a screeching refrain. “Well we can’…”

You plant two fingers on her lips and she quiets back down. “You’ll speak when I let you. Give me some birdsong.”

You pull back, standing straight and folding your arms again. Her eyes go straight to your still clothed bust when you do.

She opens her mouth, then coughs. She clears her throat, shutting her eyes and wiggling her hips.

She tweets once, then twice. She chirps, shrill and clipped. Then again, a bit lower. She turns her head away, eyes still shut, and lets out a long series of low, warbling chirps. She’s turning red again.

Good.

Her wings extend outward as her chirps rise back up in pitch. It sounds at first like a quiet conversation in a strange language, but as her tone rises and falls, it takes a more melodic turn.

She sways back and forth, producing an interlude of slow tweets.

“Now dance.”

She chirps again, strangled and shrill. She opens her eyes and looks back to you.

You stare back. “Well?”

Mystia’s eyes flit between you and her wrists. She tilts her head and blinks, somewhere between pleading and confused. You remain silent.

She shuts her eyes and sways from side to side, sliding her legs over the edge. She swings each one out, thumping against the bed as her hum grows louder. She stops, rubs her hands, and swings her legs together from side to side. She stops again, hunching down. She clears her throat, faces the post, and hums, her wings bouncing just slightly as she opens her eyes and looks around. She rolls her shoulders.

Mystia shifts across the mattress and swings one leg off the other side, putting the post directly between her thighs. She opens her mouth, the faint stirrings of her voice slipping out before she shuts it again.

You step around her, positioning the post directly between her and you.

She closes her eyes and starts tweeting again. She sways from side to side, sliding her hands up the post. She pulls herself up, then slides back down. She chirps and twirls around it, sliding her legs over and off the bed as she turns her bare back to you.

She’s shaking as she swings her head from side to side and twirls again, sliding her legs back over the bed. She stops chirping and tweeting, dropping to a low hum as she throws her legs out. Still blatantly red, she slides her ass back into the bed, sliding the post between her engorged breasts. She gives you a low, drawn out tweet as she straightens back up.

She swings around the pole again and spreads her wings and legs, jutting her ass out at you. She pants, chest heaving and wings twitching. She looks down and away from you.

Silence.

This… does not reassure you.

You haul back and bring your open palm crashing onto her ass. She yelps and bolts upright. Shivering, she turns around again, once more planting that ass on the bed.

She positions the pole to one side and shuts her legs, giving you a defensive, sheepish grin.

You step around the post and place a hand on her head. You stroke her hair.

Her ears flutter.

“Spread your legs.”

She blinks. Then she blinks again. Her grin drops all defenses as it breaks out across her cheeks. Breathing heavy, her thighs part, opening the lips just slightly.

You stand between her legs.

You drag your hand from her hair to her face, presenting its back to her lips.

“Give me a kiss.”

She gives your hand a soft, almost reverent peck.

That’s better. Hopefully.

You wait. She smiles back up to you, expectant.

Her eyes flick from her spread pussy to your hands to your face.

Her cuffs jingle as she stretches her arms.

You lean down, bringing your face a hair’s breadth from her own, feeling her lavender-scented breath blow across your face. You rub her thighs.

You watch her nostrils inflate and deflate, her eyes dancing from side to side, her face red. Her legs twitch. You lean back.

You give her pussy a light swat and take two steps backward.

She gives you a disappointed chirp.

You turn away, looking back to the closet. “Rule number one. You will wait as long as I damn well please for the privilege of my touch or my body.” You sigh, turning back to her. “Understood?”

She nods, submissive.

You turn around and walk back to the closet. Her blatant desire leaves you nervous, but she’s shown a willingness to follow embarrassing orders. It’s almost more than you dare hope for.

It takes only a little digging to find a host of ‘toys’ like what you just used on her. Behind the dresses and lingerie rests a series of fancy but heavy-duty boxes of different colors. The box you got your first batch from happens to be colored the same red as the cuffs and collar. And the contents all show a similar hue. Color-coordinated padlocks hang from the closed latches of other boxes.

Yet this one’s wide open. Did someone open it before you arrived? If so, who had they intended to use these on? Are there any other restraints lying around?

You root through the box for a few moments, debating on which contents to pull from it. But you decide not to make the choice yet. Instead you close the lid and sink into a squat. Slipping your fingers underneath it, you haul it up and plant it against your gut.

It’s heavy, but with a quick turn and a few hurried steps, you have it out of the closet and about a pace away from Mystia. With a hard thump, you let it down.

Mystia’s eyes go wide. Her mouth twitches. She looks at you and tweets, inquisitive.

You stare back at her. “You want me to give you another chance, right?”

She nods.

“Good.” You sort through the box, finding a corset with a strap running underneath, two straps hanging off the top, and cuffs attached to the sides with more padlocks. Figuring it’s as good a place to start as any, you pull it out and approach her. It doesn’t open in the back, so you bring it to her feet.

She lifts them off the ground, letting you slide it up. She stands up, letting you slide it all they up until the bottom pulls taut over her crotch and the top bumps against the underside of her breasts. You drop onto the bed and fiddle with the straps on her back.

“Are you really sure about this, Mystia?”

She gives you a quiet tweet.

You blush. “You can speak now.” You work around the strap dangling off her back to tighten and secure the first buckle.

Subdued, she speaks. “Yes.”

For a moment, your heart pounds. You work through the next few buckles, tightening them. There’s an intensity to her voice that warms your heart. And chills your spine.

You finish the last buckle and return to the box. You rifle through the assortment of cuffs, eying her legs the whole time. You find a matching set of cuffs with a similarly short chain and return to her, bringing them up near her knees.

Her veil of nervous dedication evaporates into wide-eyed panic. She sputters. “It’s okay! I promise. I won’t…”

You send her a muted glare. “You said you’d do anything, right?”

She looks down, rubbing her thighs. “It’s completely unnecessary, isn’t it? You know I’d never run from you.”

You eye the zipper running down her crotch strap. “Anything. Yes or no.”

She groans. “Okay.”

You pat her hip. “We can take them off later. If you behave, of course.”

She gulps, then slides one leg out.

You fix one cuff around the thigh and tighten it, then seal the padlock hanging from it. You swing around the other side to affix the other cuff. You rub Mystia’s side.

Finishing that, you step back. That strap still hangs off the front of her corset. Mystia’s legs squirm, now tied together.

Returning to the box, you root through the side compartments until you find a silver key. You return to Mystia and take a deep breath. You hear her heartbeat.

You insert the key into one wrist-cuff.

It clicks.

She pulls her hand free.

You stand and stare at her, one foot poised to flee.

She presents her other hand.

You take the cuffs off and toss them back in the chest.

She stands up, stretching her wings and arms wide out. She looks at you.

She sighs.

She sets her wrists inside the open cuffs hanging from her corset.

You step near and close one cuff. You tighten and lock it. She smiles at you, warm but tight. You seal her other wrist to its side.

She pulls at her cuffs. They hold.

She pouts. “That’s enough, right?”

You eye her up and down. She can’t hold you or force-feed you her pussy. But you’re not quite happy.

You reach around her and pull the collar from the bed. She looks at it.

“Do I have to?”

“Yes.” You wrap it around her neck and seal it shut.

With yet another padlock.

You lift the corset strap and run it between her breasts, finding that it attaches to the collar. You attach it and walk behind her, finding the matching strap to have a similar link that the back of the collar matches. You run that strap between her wings and attach it.

Finally, you return to the chest and after a quick search, you find a red ribbon leash and what appears to be a ball-type gag. You grab both and close the box, where you find one more padlock hanging off the edge. Your key fits it.

You lock the box and drop your key in Aya’s shirt pocket. You then attach the leash to Mystia’s collar and give it a light tug, holding the gag in one hand.

“How do you feel?”

Mystia squirms, half her body now immobilized.

“Cramped.” Then she blushes. Again. “I don’t mind being the bottom here, but did you have to use so many of these?”

You cock an eyebrow. “I could’ve sworn you wanted me to tie you up.”

She twists from side to side, wiggling her elbows as she pulls at her cuffs. “I… well, that’s half true…”

“The other half?”

She pouts again, mumbling. “Well, you know. I wanted you to, to tie me down and fuck me.” She looks to the bed. “But I did say we’d do some pet-play. I’d love to be your pet, by the way. At least until we upgrade to lovers again.”

You look to the door.

You look back at her and her obscene breasts still hanging out over the corset. You look to the gag still lying in your hand.

You think you’re back somewhere in that backdoor realm, which is great. So long as your new hosts don’t get any weird ideas themselves. You poke through your shirt at her bra straps, still pressing into your skin.

You can’t help the evil twitch at the edge of your lips. You give Mystia’s leash a tug and she approaches, one timid step at a time. You lean in close, feeling her excited breath wash over you again. “Close your eyes.”

Her eyes flutter closed as she puckers her lips. You wait only a second before you bring the ball to her lips and press. Her brow furrows and her stubborn lips twitch. Her eyes open, questioning, or perhaps pleading. You push and for another rebellious moment she resists. Then she allows the ball to slide behind her lips and through her teeth until it hits her throat, stretching her jaw wide open to accommodate its sheer, curving girth.

Satisfied, you step around her and pull at the straps, buckling it tight against her head.

You run your fingers across the rigid frame of her wings. She groans a quiet, muffled protest. You hum, rubbing the crescent depressions. No response. Your hand slides back up, out, and down, eliciting a shiver as you hit the base. You smile as your tone drops close to menacing. “Say, Mystia, did I ever tell you how I managed to satisfy Wriggle?”

“Hwogh…” She shivers.

You pull one hand back and slip a finger under her back strap, between her shoulder blades.

“Would you like to find out?”

She shudders and pauses, shuffling her thighs. She bows her head, small tremors running up and down her body. She nods. Your hands slide back up her wings, then clench around the crescent depressions, your fingers sinking into the smooth feathers.

“Good.” You reach around and grab the leash. Letting go of her wings, you step back toward the bed and give a hard tug. She flinches, then twists toward you, stumbling on her bound thighs. She wobbles and rights herself, swinging her hips to compensate for her tiny steps. You stop, the bed just behind you as you beckon her close.

You sit down, lifting Aya’s skirt to flash her your belt. The one she helped force you into, even if you’ve since found a use for it. She leans forward, muffled, gurgling pants eking past the red ball in her jaw. You slide a leg over her shoulder, pulling her close. Then plant a bare foot against her face.

She takes a long, loud sniff. Her eyelids slide down as she lets out a long and happy, but muted sigh.

You throw your leg off and give her face a light kick, pushing her off your foot. You stand, yanking her back by her leash. She stops, teetering a hair’s breadth from your body.

“A-anyway. That’s one of the things she made me do.” You shudder. “Maybe I’ll show you the other one later.” She’d probably enjoy that as well.

You wrap your hands around her back, pulling her into a hug. She yelps as you kiss the hard ball between her lips. You reach down, giving her ass a light swat. She rewards you with another yelp.

You step aside, slipping under and around her wings to grab her ass. You give it a squeeze, eliciting a garbled moan. You give her ass a light smack. Then raise your hand high and spank her so hard her knees bump into the edge of the bed.

Her wings flutter in panic, long flight feathers slapping you and buffeting you back. In response, you run a hand up her corset and shove her into the sheets.

You crash a hand across her ass, cheeks bouncing against your palm. She wiggles. You spank her again. She squirms. Another slap.

You rain blow after blow on her bouncing bubble ass, alternating hands until she stops squirming. Finally, your hands stinging from the assault, you rub her reddened ass.

“I still don’t remember how we first met, you know. Not all of it anyway.”

You grab beneath her gut and push, bunching her wings beneath her as she rolls over. Twitching eyes greet you as her obscene tits side back into view.

You climb up, plopping your ass on her lap and pushing her down. You plant your hands on her heavy breasts, pressing and rolling them around. She closes her eyes, an almost serene expression dirtying her face.

You push her fowl tits back, grinding into them. She wiggles and blushes. You let go.

“You cornered me in the woods, correct?”

“Ghgfh nh-”

“Yes or no.”

She winces but gives you a slow nod.

“Did I ask you to leave?”

She nods. You squeeze her fowl tits.

“Did you?”

She shakes her head.

“Did I try to leave?”

She nods.

“Did you let me?”

She shakes her head.

You lean close, breathing down her nose. “Do you see why I might have felt a little worried? Why I might have caved, just to get away?”

She lets out a muffled whimper.

“And I’m sure you had a great reason for kidnapping me when your first attempt failed.”

She stares you dead in the eyes and nods.

“And leaving me with Wriggle just for her help. And threatening to sic her on me if I didn’t behave.”

She looks away.

“And forcing… no, raping me when that didn’t work.”

She squirms under you. You sigh, slide back, and lean down. You lick her now soft nipple.

She twitches. You kiss it, sending a shiver down her body. Predictable.

You unzip her crotch strap, sliding a finger in her hot, moist pussy. She moans.

You pull your finger out, flicking her juices off, and bite down, sinking your teeth into her areola. She squeals.

You sink deep but stop short of breaking her surprisingly tough skin. You pull up and shoot a hand out.

You clench her cheeks. “If you ever pull that again, we’re done.”

Her wings curl against her body. She looks away, blinking fast. She nods.

You take a deep breath. “Now that we’ve cleared that up, let’s talk about your future. You still want to show your face around me. Not just right now, but in the future.”

She peeks back at you but doesn’t otherwise move.

“You want me not to try to forget you even exist. Or to leave behind the hell you gave me. Is that about right?”

She sniffles and blinks. And nods.

“You know what?”

She peeks up. You groan. “I’ve been thinking. You’re right. I need someone to watch my back. And right now, a rapist is the only option I have.”

She flinches again. Her eyes widen, wet but hopeful, and her wings unfurl.

“It’s a long shot, but…” you wrap your fingers around her thick, hard nipples, “if you behave, maybe we can work something out. Besides,” you settle her with another glare, “I never did get a chance to express to any of you just how I felt about your abuses.”

Your fingers jerk, twisting her nipples as far as they’ll go. She groans, her hands sprawling open in a vain attempt to do something. You hold her there for a few moments, lifting her a hair by her breasts. You then let go. She drops, panting through her nose.

You pat her breasts. Then turn around. You rub the edge of her slit, wetting your fingers.

You take a deep breath and press a finger inside her tight folds and feel for your power. Still there.

You pull it together, gathering it near your core. Your body protests, but you shove its relentless whining aside. You’ll rest once you know you have this bird wrapped around your finger. Once you know you’re safe around her. The energy still slips and fades, but less than it once did, allowing you to concentrate it faster and stronger than before.

Yet still you wait. Your chest soon throbs and your head pounds, but you keep at it. Your whole body starts to vibrate, but you hold it in just a little longer.

Your limbs soon grow cold and numb. Taking a breath, you plant your palm to her open pussy and fire.

Raw lust blasts out and into her pussy, splashing back out in heavy, cascading waves and bathing the room in a deep, blinding pink. She screams and a goes rigid, but you continue to fire. Soon the lust saturates the air, rippling through you with its revolting taint. Mystia bucks, throwing you off just as it peters out.

You tumble over her wing to the sheets beside her as she spasm and twists, now moaning, voice hoarse.

Shivering, you push yourself up, only to tumble back down. Your limbs shake like wet noodles as you take in erratic, gasping breaths. Mystia’s stomach undulates as her scream stutters off. Arching as high as her corset allows, she twitches and spasms, her body going rigid again.

Waiting a moment for the shaking to die down, you crawl back around her wings. Step by shaking step, you pull yourself back over her body until your quaking hands hold you over her bulbous breasts.

“If-” you take a breath. “If you ever want to feel like that again, you will do everything I say. You will refrain from doing anything I don’t approve of. Do you understand?”

You then notice her glazed-over eyes. Erratic gasps burst from behind her fat gag. Shit. Your arms give out and your head crashes into those filthy breasts. Sight, sound, and smell bleed into the ether.

A faint impression of soft blue.

“The door’s still there, but I do think I know where it came from.” A familiar voice from a strange place. Makes you think of round fluffy things. “Proud old lady with some dirty habits, but I think we can keep her out for a while. Hmm?” A pause. “Oh, my. I’d be very careful abo…”

You wake atop the soft, smooth, soaked flesh of Mystia’s bust. She pants and moans. Coarse metal scrapes together as she squeezes her legs. She twists beneath you, her eyes moist and pleading. Her hands, still shackled to her sides, clench and release. The fat crimson ball still stretches her lips back and garbles her pleas into incoherence. Her sweat seeps into the bed beneath her.

Your own body still tingles. You doubt you’ll use any magic soon.

You run a hand down her twitching arm. “Did that feel good?”

She nods, feverishly.

“And do you want to ever feel that again?”

She nods again, gasping.

“Then you’ll do everything I say, no matter how frustrated or horny you get?”

A spasm rocks her body. She sucks in a breath through her nose. She nods.

You pat her belly. “How did Wriggle put it? Oh yes. ‘Good girl.’”

You sigh, then reach around her head and unlock her gag. Gently, you pull it back.

She looks to you, biting her lip. She jerks her elbows and squeezes her legs.

You sigh. “Spit it out.”

She inhales. “Promise…” she pants, “not… mad?”

“Sure.”

She winces. “Please. P-please. Touch… me. Or-or… f-u-uck. Me.”

She twists, squeezing her legs again.

A door opens. You turn and sit up, finding the distant, silver door open and a pair of willowy woman in plain yellow dresses approach, lips tight. Long but well-trimmed, golden blonde hair obscures their eyes and descends behind them, past their knees. A simple, plush black hat sits atop each head.

They stop, one at each side, just before the bed.

“Name, intruder.” An airy, almost ringing voice.

You turn to Mystia and back. “I’m Naoko. A… An acquaintance, I guess, sent me through. You’re not going to…”

They exchange a glance.

“Naoko Honda.”

“Yes?”

“Come with us.” The other one this time. Her voice is also airy, but quite a bit heavier. Something about it sounds off.

Mystia groans. “Could this wait a minute or two?”

“No. Come with us, Ms. Honda.”

“You’re just going to leave Mystia here?”

“She may follow. Now please, come.”

Mystia twists and shakes beneath you. “Hey! W-hat- do… to her?”

“She must be tested to remain here. Punctuality is highly recommended.”

Mystia hisses. “Why…” She pants. “Not just… a- inter… view?”

The figures pause, glancing to one another again.

The first speaks. “That may be… tolerable. You may request an audience with either the leaf or the stem, though one or both may not be available at this moment. Your fate will be left in our hands if they’re not.”

“Leaf? Stem? Who are these people?”

“You will see, should they appear.”

“And this test?”

“We must determine your aptitude, of course. Me must see if you’re worthy of our lady’s presence.”

You turn back to Mystia, mouthing ‘did you…’

She shakes her head. 

“I’ll be there soon. Just give us a moment.”

One of them frowns, turning to the other. There’s a glint in her companion’s eye.

They step forward. One runs her hand by your hip, down Mystia’s quivering thigh.

“I wouldn’t trust her, if I were you.”

You snort. “I’m not. I’m just finishing what I started.”

“Of course.” She flicks your cheek. You wince.

“Just be sure you don’t find yourself wearing her leash.”

A hand slaps your back, jerking you forward. You twist to see the other one skipping away.

“Don’t dally too long, Naoko.”

They both giggle as they turn and walk back.

You sit there, still perched on Mystia’s belly, watching them leave. One turns around, just long enough to give you a curt wave.

Then they disappear behind that door, one after the other.

You throw your legs across Mystia’s bust to face her. You lean down, groaning but sliding a gentle hand in to cup her cheek.

“Let’s get you off, shall we?”

She clenches her eyes shut and nods, breathing ragged.

You run your hands up and down the sides of her corset, more for your own nerves than for her. You lean down, giving her a soft, gentle kiss.

She hums as you pull back. Sliding your hands around her breasts, you give them a quick, tight squeeze.

She hisses, shaking.

You rub them up and down, from her neck to their underside, flicking her rigid nipples and pressing into her flesh. Your hands scrape across dry, sticky skin as she twists beneath you.

She lets out a hungry, needy groan.

You lean close, still massaging her salacious breasts. You whisper into her ear, using perhaps a more mocking tone than you should. “At least you didn’t finish without permission.”

Her breath hitches. “D-didn’t w… wa-” She shudders. “C-came. Once. Wa-”

You slap both hands across her tits. “So, it’s just fine to lie when you do it, then?”

She squeaks. “D-didn… n- ot…” She pants. “lying.”

You stare her down for a moment, frowning as you parse her words. “We’ll see.” You slide a finger through the open zipper behind you, probing her pussy. You push in, scraping through her shockingly dry folds.

She hisses in pain even as her body clenches tight around your finger, trapping it inside. Which provides enough friction to shock something inside her, her back lurching upward and lifting you with it.

“Are you… okay?”

She gulps, her back still arched beneath you.

You pull your arm back, only for your fingers to catch on the rigid, dry vice-grip her pussy holds.

You look into Mystia’s already clouded eyes, her tongue protruding from her gasping throat.

Then she quakes again. Her pulsing, almost crushing walls beat down on your finger, easing up only in tiny, erratic windows. Windows that prove, with vigorous pulling and twisting, just enough to pull out.

Sucking in a tired breath, you give your abused finger a shake. Planting a hand by her ass, you slide the finger back near the lips, up against the ragged, metal edge of her zipper.

You roll your head, lift your ass, and turn around.

Shou was right. You need someone to trust right now and Mystia’s the only option you have. But for her to do you any good, she needs to be lucid.

You take a deep breath, preparing to risk the better part of your hand to her ravenous slit.

Then a thunderous quake rocks your body. It takes you a second to realize the quake rattled into Mystia, not from her. It hits again, ripping a groan from your lips. One almost as needy as panting, mewling voice below.

It’s that toy. The small, vibrating toy behind your belt. It takes only moments for the first couple drops to seep past your belt and through Aya’s panties. You press your hands over Mystia’s crotch to steady your own shivering body. Grimacing, you shove two fingers to your tongue, tasting a hint of her foul, lewd juices. Once wetted, you pop them back out and line them up with her hungry slit. She’s close. Just get her off and figure out what to do with that damn toy. Again.

A shiver runs down your spine.

You press your fingers in, testing her resistance. Then another beat hits, jarring them into the zipper. Metal teeth bite into your hand as a quake surges up your spine. In only a moment the tremors ebb. Biting your lip, you line the fingers back up, praying only for another moment of calm.

You thrust, parting the lips as you plunge deep into her throbbing hole. It clamps down, sinking your fingers to the hilt, your knuckles hitting her fluffy bush and the cruel zipper above it. She gasps and bucks, throwing you forward. You cast your spare arm into the sheets, catching yourself and landing back on her body.

You land on the other side of her breasts. Your ass slides down toward her neck as you push your fingers down. They don’t move much, but it’s enough to grind them into her pussy.

She groans as you work your fingers.

A familiar low, steady thrum starts up inside you as Mystia twists her body beneath you. Her legs stretch out and curl back in, dry, salty thighs and the chain between them pressing into your arm as if to shove it in deeper.

Quaking and gasping, she belts out a loud, lascivious moan.

You press a third finger into her, barely passing her mound before they hit the hard walls of her clamped-down cunt. She bucks again, throwing you up, but not off. Panting, you run your hand across her chest, rubbing her tits as you press deeper inside her.

She gasps as your third finger wedges itself partway down. You fight through your own halting breaths as you force your fingers in, hair by hair.

Then she mewls. You see Aya’s shiny black bra through your moistening shirt. A shiver runs through her body.

Then she screams. Again. Heavy, rocking quakes race up her body and all but jostle you off.

As the scream dies down, her body follows suit, going limp. You pull your fingers from her slackened slit and wipe them off on her corset.

Shutting out the buzzing inside your own body, you zip her crotch back up.

Lifting yourself up for a moment, you throw your legs back and twist your body around to face her again. Leaning down, you plant your hands by her head.

“Satisfied?”

Panting, gulping, she nods, almost absently.

“Now, I’d like to hear about why you said you never came.”

Almost gasping, Mystia shakes her head.

“I thought you asked if I took a test.”

You stare down, blank. “What?”

“They’d been… saying you needed,” she gulps, “to take a test to see if you could stay.” She wheezes. “I thought you asked if I’d also had to take one.”

“Oh.” That’s… plausible. “Wait. You didn’t.”

“No. No one asked me to take any tests. Not even them.”

You groan. Well, you needed her lucid anyway. You sigh.

“And about that ‘reason.’”

She blinks, giving you a blank smile. “Reason?”

You slide a pair of fingers around each nipple. “For the kidnapping.”

She giggles, a little shrill. “Oh… that.” She wiggles her wrists, padlocks clanging. “It’s going to sound stupid. So, don’t get mad, okay?”

You groan. Again. “I’ll, try not to punish you for honesty. That’s all.”

She gulps. “Okay. Well, I just…” She wiggles her shoulders. “If I didn’t, you’d never give me a chance, right?”

“After your first night?”

She winces. “I… Look. I knew we’d be the perfect couple. I couldn’t possibly give up on something like that.”

“The perfect couple. Where one kidnaps the other and never lets her leave.”

“It was just once?”

“And brings a sadist to keep her in line.”

“I was desperate, okay? I spent months trying to find you. But then she shows up with her insect army-”

You shiver. “Insects?”

“Oh, you didn’t know? Wriggle can talk to and command them. She already knew where you lived, but she couldn’t get in.”

…Oh. Of course.

What was even the point of hiding? “…When was this?”

“Mid spring, I think. I got really depressed, you know. I wanted to see you so badly, but Wriggle wouldn’t let me. She wanted to make sure the guards couldn’t track us down. We went through so many plans to before you leapt into our arms.”

You breath in, then out. “I see.” You pinch your fingers together, squeezing her nipples. You rotate them.

Mystia clenches her teeth. “H-hey. You said you wouldn’t punish me.”

“For being honest. But I need to trust you and that poses a problem.”

“Wanting you?”

“Conspiring, for months to kidnap and enslave me. And still not having a problem with that.”

She glares back. “I never wanted to make you a slave! That was all Wriggle’s stupid idea!”

“Right. You just wanted someone who did everything you wanted.”

“That’s different! I didn—”

You twist. “What is it then? Brainwashing? You can apologize for that instead.”

“I’m sorry. I’m sure I would’ve let you go. It would have been so different if Wriggle weren’t there, I swear. I’m so sorry I let her near you. And, and I guess I’m sorry for kidnapping you, too. If it helps, I promise that I’ll never do it again.”

You let go. “That’ll do for now. Just…” You sigh. “I’m tired of running, Mystia. Tired of cowering, begging, lying, and compromising.”

She pouts. “Okay, okay. I get it. That was the whole point of our new deal, anyway.”

Something about her story bothers you, but you’ll worry about it later.

You lift your head, taking note of the disheveled bed. Mystia lies atop a folded-over blanket, exposing a full third of the bed, with a suspiciously wet pillow nearby.

You sigh and ruffle her hair, even as your hips start to tremble and your muscles sag. “What do we…”

A polite cough behind you. You turn to see a quiet, meek face above a garishly purple dress. A similarly gaudy, gold capelet and waist-apron adorn that dress. Two auburn locks descend from either side of her face, plummeting just past her waist. A sagging black cap sits atop her otherwise shoulder-length hair.

“How long…?”

“Since about the beginning of her climax.”

You turn back to Mystia, who’s shut her eyes. Then you realize how… normal this is starting to feel. Which is when your face starts to burn.

“I-it’s not- I’m not really…”

“Don’t worry, Naoko. But now that you’re finished, I recommend you dismount her and follow me.”

“For the test?”

“Test?” A heavy pause. “Oh, of course. Well, it is a matter that must be discussed at a more… appropriate venue. My companion insists you come at once, but if you’d prefer a change of look and perhaps smell, I’m more than happy to help.”

Mystia blushes. Again. “I’m coming too, right?”

“Of course.”

Your hips shake again, that toy still buzzing inside you. “Could I change into a new chastity belt?”

She sputters. “A new— Why do even want one?”

You shrug. “Protection.”

She groans. Then a hand grabs your ass, lifting your skirt. She hooks her fingers into the waistband and slips your panties down. She pats the metal of your belt.

“Where’s the key?”

You shiver, the open air doing little to cool your mostly-bare ass or your dripping slit.

“I don’t know.”

“Of course. But then unless you’re ready to present yourself half-naked, the answer’s no.”

The toy still lies behind the metal barrier. It’s started to chafe, but Aya’s bra isn’t starting to feel any better either.

Batting her hand away, you pull Aya’s panties back up your legs and over your ass. Climbing off Mystia and the bed, you turn back to face this woman, patting your skirt.

“I’ll follow you.”

“Good. This way.”

You glance back to Mystia. She cranes her neck to see you over her breasts and gives you a shaking, nervous smile.

“You can bring her along.”

You twist back to the woman, finding her face impassive.

You turn, lean over Mystia, pull the leash off the bed and give her a tug. She twists and bounces. Pulling the leash, you lift her off the bed and she stumbles forward, into your chest.

You groan, push her off, and grab the spit-soaked rubber ball from the sheets. Mystia stares at it, twitching, as you approach. She shuts her eyes as you slide the straps across her shoulders, buckling it behind her neck.

You sigh. “Please, don’t fuck me over.”

She peeks one eye open, exhaling and smiling once she realizes it’s not going into her mouth.

She nods, hard and firm.

You turn and give her another tug. She follows, swaying and stumbling, her cuffs jingling by her sides, as you push forward, passing the rows of lewdly-dressed mannequins into the open door. You find yourself atop a staircase, looming over a vast chasm, plunging into a deep maroon mist below. Your bare feet pad across dark, lacquered wood as you descend, one step at a time.

Mystia hops behind you, frequently wobbling as she lands.

“Satono, by the way.”

“Excuse me?”

“It’s my name.”

You rub your neck. “Okay.”

A moment passes, Satono stepping down this seemingly endless staircase as you follow and Mystia struggles to keep up. Hints of doorways appear in the fog below.

Then you reach a landing. Two stairways descend to the right and left, while another ascends before you. Each stairway splits off further, some going up, others down. Satono turns left. You follow.

“I’m not… intruding, am I?”

“You don’t belong here.” She says, in a softer tone than you expected. “But my colleague’s ecstatic you’ve come, so I’ll let it pass.”

Mystia laughs, nervous, behind you. “Why is she so happy?”

You continue down the stairs, Mystia hopping behind you. You rub your crotch as your hips twitch.

“You’ll see.” Satono stops at the bottom, before a heavy mahogany door, carved with the image of someone bowing. She pushes it open and walks inside.

You follow her, stepping into a room of polished oak floors and velvet curtains ranging from black, indigo, and violet, to gold, turquoise, and olive. Mystia stumbles behind you. You yank the leash up, catching her neck until she regains her balance.

You tiptoe through the quiet room, winding through curtains at a brisk pace just to keep from getting lost.

Finally, you reach a clearing of sorts, with a tall, wide chair set against the wall, atop a platform raised four steps from the floor. Rich, gold-colored cushions adorn it.

“The test is ready to begin, Naoko.” Satono gestures to the chair. “Please, sit.”

You swallow, stepping toward it. Your place your foot atop the first step, then the other on the next step. Turning around, you slide your ass into the deep, soft cushions of the chair. Resting your hands at the edges of the similarly soft armrests, you take a breath and face forward.

Satono leaps toward you, planting her hands across your wrists and almost bumping your nose with her own. She stares you dead in the eyes.

“What do you have to offer the goddess, Naoko?”

“O-offer? Like what?”

Her nostrils flare, a citrus-scented breath wafting across your nose.

“You could give her your body, but you don’t want that, do you?”

“Do I need to give something? Would it really hurt just to keep me out of the wilds?”

“We have other ways to keep your talents under control. Think about it.”

“I… I don’t…”

You glance to Mystia. She shrugs, helpless. You’ve barely learned to wield magic and now you must find something to offer a goddess?

Her eyes narrow. “A noble’s basement, a firefly’s hovel, a—”

“No! Not the fir-glh!” A woman pops out of the curtains, shoving the ball back between Mystia’s teeth. She unbuckles and re-buckles the straps, pulling it tight against her skin.

The woman smiles at you, wearing a similar dress to Satono but in a far more sedate green. Like Satono, two long tassels of her pale green hair descend across either side of her face. Your chest heaves as you turn back to Satono, her lips curling.

She rolls her eyes. “Look, it doesn’t really matter. Just serve the goddess and we’ll take good care of you.” She strokes your cheek. “What I need to know right now is what you want.”

“I want to be safe.”

“How? What sort of safety? What sort of… dependence?” She slides a hand to your thigh.

“Dependence?”

She rubs your thigh. “Anything we give, we might one day take back. Something to think about.”

“Give me allies.”

Satono pulls back, frowning. “Well, we can’t hand ourselves over…”

She twists to her green companion, who still holds Mystia back.

“Hey, Mai. Do we have anyone we could give her?”

The woman—Mai, apparently—lets go and walks away, carrying Mystia’s leash behind a green curtain. She hooks it to something, then comes back.

Mystia shouts out angry, burbling noises as she tugs against it, flexing her fingers.

Mai jogs forward. “Hm…” She presses her arms behind her back and looks you up and down. “Give me a boost, Satono.”

Satono groans. Then steps back and starts dancing.

Mai rubs her chin. “Ah. I’ve got it!”

And she runs off, disappearing behind a crimson curtain.

You sit there a moment, as Satono stops dancing. She steps back up and plants her hands on your knees.

Angry, incoherent tweets hit your ears.

“Looking forward to your service?”

“My… what?”

Satono sighs. “The goddess does not simply bestow gifts on others because they ask, does she?”

“I… I don’t know. Does she?”

“She does not. She bestows her generosity on those who earn her favor.”

“What do I do to earn that?”

Mystia ambles into the green curtain, her wings still poking out, twisting and flaring as her body turns and heaves.

Satono runs a finger up your belly, weaving up Aya’s shirt and between your breasts. It flicks past your chin and settles on your lower lip. She smiles.

“You don’t even realize how many enemies you have, do you?” She pulls your lip down. “So many people who could have their way with you. Ever wonder what would happen if you upset master?” She slides her other hand across your cheek. “She could send you anywhere in Gensokyo, after all.”

She pauses, freeing your lip. You glare back.

She places the finger to her own lip. “Or outside it. How would you fare on the moon? The netherworld? Hell? Heaven? Makai?” She sighs, sliding a hand down your side. “Just remember: do not piss master off.”

Mystia falls out of the curtain, sweating and sagging, leash still hanging from the other side. Her lips slide up and down the red ball behind them. You bite your lip. “What do I have to do?”

She shakes her head. “Like I said, you just have to serve her.” She pulls the finger from her lip and cups her cheek, tilting her head just slightly. “I can’t tell you how, because I don’t know myself. But you’d better think of something when the time comes, because she dislikes freeloaders.”

“Got her!”

Mai yanks on a dark, bluish-green leash. She heaves, moving toward you one backward step at a time. Bare feet stumble and scrape across the polished, lacquered wood. Satono walks behind you.

You scan the room. “Who?”

Out of nowhere, a woman wearing a matching, bluish blindfold under pale hair perks up. A smooth, fat, blue ball pulls her lips back, just like the red one still stuffed in Mystia’s mouth. Green straps and steel rings run from the ball across her cheeks, but also up and over her nose, her blindfold, and across her forehead.

A simple orange shirt covers her, with a green, rosy skirt below. A familiar blue orb floats beside her, connected by matching tendrils to her body. A glimmering chain dangles from her long, frilly sleeves. Another chain hangs from a pair of blue cuffs on her ankles.

She rushes toward you.

You panic. “Wait! Wa—”

She freezes.

“Who are you?”

“Ghfhih Ghmgi”

Satono rests her hands on the back of your chair. “Why don’t you give her a spin?”

The woman takes a step closer and plants her hands beside your feet, bowing.

Satono leans in. “Just ask her to do something for you. Or command her.”

You hug your legs to the chair.

“Ah. Ah. Ah.” Mai yanks on the leash, jerking the girl back.

The girl gurgles, then stills, hunched forward.

Satono breathes over your ear. “Go ahead.”

You inhale, preparing to issue your first experimental command.

Then another idea strikes. “Wait. Take the gag out.”

Mai frowns. Satono squeezes your shoulders.

“Are you sure you want to do that?”

“Yes.”

Mai grumbles but steps forward. She snaps something behind the girl’s head, then peels the straps back in front of her head. With a light tug, she pulls the ball from her mouth, strands of saliva hitting the wooden floor before you. Mai gathers up the gag and steps back.

You clear your throat.

“Who are you?”

She smiles. “Koishi!”

The name sends shivers down your spine.

“What do you want?”

“You!”

Your eyes narrow. “Why?”

She giggles. “You’re weird.”

You tilt your head. She tilts hers to match.

“Excuse me?”

“Like I said, you’re weird.”

Vague, foggy memories flit at the corners of your mind, hinting at… something. Something different. Something wrong.

You pause, working through your choice of words. “Why am I weird?”

Unruly bangs bounce over the blue-green leather wrapped across her eyes. “’Cause your body begs for love, but your heart begs me to stop.”

“And that’s why you want me?”

She grins. “Yeah!”

You tap the edge of one armrest. “What do you want to… do with me?”

She puts a finger to her chin, looking up. She points it at you. “I wanna watch you.”

“Watch me do what?”

“You ask hard questions, lady.” She tilts her head. “Anything, I guess.”

“Anything?”

She throws her hands up together. “Yeah. Do whatever you want.”

“Why?”

Her hands fall back down. “Why what?”

“Why do you want to watch me?”

Her brow furrows. “’Cause I wanna see what you do.”

You groan. This isn’t helping, so you try another tack. “Do you want to fuck me?”

“Hm… Ah! That’s a great idea! Let’s do that.”

“No.”

“Aw. Boo. You’re stingy.”

You tense, but she just stands there, hands swaying together. With that blindfold on, you can’t tell what she’s thinking or feeling.

“Come here.”

She approaches, chains clinking.

“Show me your ass.”

“Yes ma’am.” She straightens up, stuffing her hands under her skirt. Bunching it up, she grips the edge of her simple black panties and drags them down. They hang on her ass, then slide down to her ankles She turns around and grabs the side of her skirt. She fidgets with it, then tries the other side.

Her smile falters. “Uh, help?”

Mai steps around and behind her, yanks the skirt down, then steps back again. A wild, untamed jungle rests between this woman’s legs.

“Thanks, lady.”

Koishi turns around, displaying her plain, bare ass. She leans down and plants her hands on the floor, presenting it further and showing the edge of that jungle once more.

You slam your foot forward, crashing it into her ass and propelling her away from you. She stumbles forward but somehow manages to right herself, panties still stretched taut between her ankles and skirt dragging behind. She stands up and steps backward, returning to where she was before you kicked her.

You growl. “Look at me.”

“I can’t.”

“Face me.”

She turns around, still smiling.

“Kneel.”

She falls to her knees and bows. Cuffs jingling, she plants her hands on the third step and lowers her face to your feet. You lift one foot and press it into her hair, forcing her head into the floor. She coos.

You hear what you can only assume to be a furious squawk of some kind.

You’ll worry about Mystia’s feelings later. You’ve got a stranger to make sense of.

You set your stomping foot aside and press the other to her cheek. “Kiss it.”

She presses her lips to your big toe. She lingers there, pressing them to your nail before she lets go. She slides her tongue up your foot. You kick her off. 

You tap a finger on your armrest, staring down at Koishi’s humbled form. “Stand up.”

She pulls herself up, giving you a lopsided smile. A grin that only sets your hair on edge with the blindfold above it.

You suck in a breath. “Let’s… test something. Koishi.” You clear your throat.

She faces you. “If Mai and Satono tried to rape me, what would you do?”

She angles her head up, chain jingling as her wrists sway. “I’d, uh…”

Satono steps back behind you.

“Um, what would you want me to do?”

You pause, mouth open, narrowing your eyes. “I’d want you to stop them.”

“Then I’d do that.”

You lift a hand from its rest to rub your forehead. “How?”

“How would I stop them?”

“Yes.”

“I have no idea!” She grins, wide and proud.

She’s useless. Utterly fucking useless. A liability at best.

Satono claps her hands on your shoulders. “It must be so tragic, relying on such fickle friends.”

You growl. “She was your idea.”

The hands bounce. “I’m so sorry. It was just such short notice. Maybe we could look around, but…”

Mai sends a significant look over your shoulder. The hands lift away and Satono returns to Koishi, looking her up and down.

Their looks worry you. You return your focus to Koishi herself. “Why don’t you know what to do?”

“I haven’t done it yet.”

What does that even mean?

“But what if y—”

“Say, Satono. Think we should…”

Satono circles Koishi. “Yes. We should.”

“Awesome!” Mai tosses a silver key to Satono. Satono fiddles with Koishi’s wrists while Mai works on her ankles.

They click, and heavy, dark aqua cuffs fall to the floor. Koishi stretches her arms out before her as Mai works on the back of her head. With another click, she pulls the blindfold off.

Koishi blinks, looking to you, her blindfold and a pair of cuffs lying by her feet. She swings a leg out and grins wide. You press your back into your seat.

Satono pushes her back, twists toward you, and steps forward. She stares you down, licking her lips. She plants her hands over your wrists and climbs onto your lap, slipping her legs around your back.

You shiver as you stare into her low-lidded eyes. She settles in, shifting her ass across your knees. She stretches, pulling her gaudy shirt across a pair of perky breasts.

She extends a hand by your head, stroking your cheek in slow, lazy loops.

“Tell Koishi to save you.”

You stare back, perplexed. “Excuse me?”

Satono extends her other hand, cupping your cheeks. She puckers her lips. Realization hits.

“Help! Koishi, help! Save me!” You buck, knocking Satono upward, but not off.

“Wha? Huh?” Koishi blinks back at you. You press your hands into Satono’s gut, inadvertently sliding them up to the edge of her bust. Koishi charges toward you, only to get yanked back by Mai.

Furious squawks hit your ears from the side, tempting you to tear your gaze away.

Satono licks her lips and releases your head. She pulls Koishi’s cuffs out. In a heartbeat, she has a cuff wrapped and locked one of your wrists and she’s pulling both behind her back. You buck again, her ass thumping hard into your knees as she snaps the second cuff on, trapping your hands behind her.

Satono bumps her nose against yours, giving an almost apologetic grin. “She’s not a miracle worker.”

She pops the top button free of Aya’s—no, your shirt. You twist your arms around her as she pops the next two. You look away as another button pops, exposing your cleavage and the edge of your black bra. You slam your wrists into her back, crashing her own modest bust into yours. She pops the next three of as if nothing happened.

“Koishi! Where are you! Get me out of here!”

Satono jerks backward, jarring you. She then lurches back, dragging you off the chair by your bound arms. Open air bushes against your stomach, the shirt now hanging half open as you stumble forward. You tug your wrists against her back.

She cups your cheeks with both hands, her smile turning dark. “I can’t remember the last time I got to play the villain like this. What do you think, should I have claimed your lips yet?”

You give her the most disarming smile you can muster. “I think you… maybe?”

She pouts. “If it helps, I thought she’d do better.” Satono frowns and flicks her thumb across your lips. “Care to bet when she’ll save you?”

Something snaps around your waist and Aya’s skirt falls to your ankles. Satono leans in close, puckering her lips but letting go of your chin. You lean back.

A loud crunch sounds as her hands grind into your waist and metal edges dig into your skin. Then your belt falls, thumping to the floor beneath you.

Someone slender crashes into your back, throwing you forward. Satono’s lips hit your forehead. A new pair of hands slide across your sides, meeting at your stomach. She presses you in, shoving your head down into Satono’s modest bust. Silk and bamboo fill your nose as their weight presses into you from each side. Then a pair of hands grabs your thighs and pulls, yanking you to your knees. Your face slides down between their stomachs.

“Hey, Satono, where’d she go?” Mai says, her body pressing into you from behind.

“What, did you lose her?”

The hands release your legs. Then another hand slips to the back of your neck and presses, forcing you into Satono’s crotch, only her skirt and underwear between your face and her pussy.

Finally, your head falls between her legs, your own legs sprawled out around Mai’s.

A foot digs into your back. Craning your neck, you barely catch Satono’s pink thong and a plump ass you don’t want to think about.

The foot leaves. Your hands lay before you, still bound but no longer wrapped around anything. Experimentally, you crawl forward.

“Whoah. Hey, Mai, cut it ou—”

You hear a loud, wet kiss behind and above you.

A hand descends into your view, palm open. You grab it and let it pull you back to your feet. You look back to find Mai and Satono entangled together, slobbering and moaning into each other. The hand yanks you back, pulling you into the curtains.

Violet velvet descends around you, a fold brushing into your bare slit.

“I don’t get it!”

You turn around to find Koishi staring back.

“Why’d they do that?”

Your voice falters. “I, I don’t know. I think I asked the wrong question?”

“Did you? What was the right one?”

“I…”

“Get off!” Someone stumbles somewhere behind you. She raises her voice. “Alright. Good job, Na… Naono. Test drive’s over.”

Koishi looks over your shoulder, blinking. You rub your hands together.

“Come on back and get yourself unlocked.”

You should do that. She didn’t really do anything to you yet and you need your hands free. You shiver.

Koishi grabs your hand and sprints away, knocking you off balance. You stumble forward, pumping your feet to keep yourself upright.

Your feet catch on Aya’s skirt, kicking it off as you thump into Koishi’s back. She tumbles and crashes to the floor, barely cushioning your own fall and getting your arms pinned beneath you.

“Ow. Ow, ow, owee.” She groans.

You press your hands into her, pushing yourself off. You tumble onto your back, warm wood hitting your bare ass. You hurl your weight forward, swinging yourself up until you’re sitting. “What were you thinking?”

“I don’t, silly.”

“You don’t… think?”

She rolls onto her back and drapes an arm across her head. “Yup.”

Deep blue velvet now wafts around you. A pair of arms slides across your shoulders, a heavy bust resting against your back. Your body freezes.

“Well, well. What have we here?” An unfamiliar voice speaks. “The troublemaker and…” The arms slide back out. “Is this Naoko? What brings ground zero herself to our humble abode?”

Your stomach drops. You twist your body around, finding a woman standing barely above you with curves to kill for. Above her wide hips and round breasts, you find a long head of curly blond hair, adorned by an origami-esque black hat. You stare into cool, appraising eyes with a distinct edge hinting at thoughts deeper and darker than you wish to imagine.

She tuts. “I haven’t introduced myself, have I?”

You have a guess, but you can’t force it past your drying lips.

“Mai. Satono. Come here.”

Feet shuffle and they appear, passing through the curtain. They look away from each other, faces red and bodies sweating. You turn around to face them. Satono pulls her skirt up as Mai tugs her shirt down. The woman coughs. Satono steps forward and crouches before you. She grabs a wrist and slips a silver key in your cuff. She twists, popping it open.

Mai rubs her neck as Satono gets your other cuff. “Sorry about the belt. Satono gets a bit carried away sometimes.”

Satono scoffs. “She wanted to replace it anyway.”

The blonde woman raises a brow. She flicks a wrist.

Satono snaps the cuff open and pulls it off. They both step behind her.

“Rise, Naoko Honda.”

You stand up. You also plant your hands over your crotch.

“Wow. Your butt’s so pretty.”

You twist back to give Koishi a glare. You return to the blonde woman, sliding one hand back around your ass.

“You’ve had a difficult two days, haven’t you?”

Still silent, you nod. She stands at eye-level with your bust.

“And could you explain the satori’s presence here?”

You part your lips. “Satono offered her.”

The woman glances to her right, then returns to you. “I see. Follow me.”

The woman levitates, then floats back behind the curtain. You step forward, ignoring your exposed bra to keep your hands firmly on either end of your crotch. She settles into the chair you left.

Satono and Mai take sides opposite her. You stop just before the steps. They share a glance with each other, then with the woman.

Mai turns to you and clears her throat. “The goddess, lady Okina Matara. Grand sage and...”

Okina waves her off. “You’ve been the center of an interesting controversy lately.”

Koishi pats your ass. You swat her away. She gives you a contrite frown, then steps backward, bowing.

You turn back to Okina, who stares at your crotch, her cheeks just slightly pink.

You struggle to maintain eye contact, your own face matching hers.

Okina sighs. “Satono.”

“Yes?”

“Punishment. First thing in the morning.”

Satono freezes. Mai fidgets with her dress.

Satono swallows. “Yes, mistress.”

Okina gestures. Mai slips behind her and runs off to the side. She grabs Aya’s skirt and your broken belt, then jogs back around and hands them to Okina. Okina takes the belt and brings the interior of the central band to her nose. She takes a long, deep sniff, then hands it back.

“Strange. It smells only like human sweat and juice.”

Mai takes it, gives it a quick sniff herself, then holds it behind her back.

Okina flicks her fingers. Two doors appear from midair behind her.

“In return for your service, I’ll lend you an ally of your choosing. Either her,” she flicks her hand in Koishi’s general direction, “or someone from one of these two gates.”

You study the doors. The one on the right is teal, the one on the left, red.

“Who’s behind them?”

“This one,” she gestures to your right, “holds a proud, trained warrior. This one,” she gestures to your left, “holds a woman you know, of great power.” She clasped her hands together. “Neither has been tainted, neither is likely to be tainted. Now, choose.”

You glance to the side, finding Mystia curled on the floor, a puddle of drool accumulating under her gag. Her leash still hangs from the curtain beside her. Her chest swells and recedes in slow, tired breaths. 

You focus back on Okina. “Please, tell me more.”

She taps a foot against her chair. “Do you have a problem?”

“I don’t know… anything about what I’m getting into. Who are these people? Can I trust them? What sort of service are you talking about?”

She props an arm up by the elbow and rests her head against it. “I see, you’re quite the curious person.” She leans toward Mai, whispering in her ear. Mai nods and trots away, toward Mystia.

“You want information then. Hm…” She drums her fingers, reaching into the outer folds of her skirt with her other hand. “I’ll help you out, and I’ll even give you a few extra tips for free. Like…” She pulls out a familiar pink block and flips a switch.

Your thighs clench almost before the first vibration hits. Your breath catches as your hips shake. She flips the switch again, stilling the ball.

She grins. “Why don’t you give that toy to my servants, so I’m not tempted to… play with you.”

You breathe in, thinking it over. You do need it back out, but to retrieve it, right here, would entail…

But then, any ‘playing’ she does would be worse, wouldn’t it?

Gulping, you press two fingers inside yourself. You shut your eyes as you pry the outer lips apart, right in front of Okina. Removing the hand from your ass, you stick another finger inside, between them. After a moment of shaking and prodding, a familiar vibrator falls out and into your fingers, dripping and sticky.

You pull it out and find Satono standing to your side, palm held open before you. Blushing, you drop the sticky toy in her hand.

“An average pussy, too. Strange.”

You choke at her words. Mai trots back toward you, leading Mystia by the leash.

Okina flicks a finger and Mai pulls her key back out. She approaches Mystia and pops her cuffs open. Mystia squirms, hugging herself and sliding her lips down the ball behind them as Mai slips behind her and releases the gag. Mai circles back in front and pops the ball from behind her teeth. Mystia rubs her jaw.

Satono passes the toy to Okina, who lifts it to her nose.

Mystia jumps in front of you, wobbling from her locked thighs, and grabs your hands. Her bare breasts and swollen nipples fill your eyes. “Are you okay? Do you need help? Comfort?”

You nudge her back. “I’m okay, I think.”

She droops, but she lets go and steps back.

“Here.” Satono butts in, passing your toy to Mystia. “Tide yourself over with this.”

“Wait one second!” You reach forward, only for Satono to bat your hand away and point to Okina.

Okina smiles back at you. “Don’t you have a pussy to hide?”

You bite down a screech, blushing. As you plant your hands back over your holes, Mystia sniffs the toy and pops it in her mouth, humming a curious tune. She gives you a bashful, apologetic smile.

Still lounging, Okina sets both elbows down and steeples her hands together. “I’m not thrilled with your attitude, but I like your curiosity. Let’s continue our chat once you’ve refreshed yourself a little.” Still lounging, she points off toward an orange curtain. “You’ll find a door back there which leads to an utterly divine chamber. Make sure to use the amenities it provides, then come back once you’re finished.”

You bow, stiff but deep. Then, straightening back up, you walk toward the curtain, Mystia and Koishi behind you.

“Excuse me, little girl.” Satono grabs Koishi’s upper arm. “The goddess wishes to speak with you.”

They return to Okina as you push aside the hanging silk and open the door behind it.

A wall of hot steam hits you as your feet hit wet, warm tiles. Your vision clears, revealing a wide bath set into the floor, full almost to the brim. Mystia closes the door behind you as you turn around to find a series of shelves set deep into the shimmering, golden walls.

The floor tiles run deep red, the similarly tiled ceiling a pale pink. Long, flat panels run along the ceiling, bathing the room in soft, amber light.

You turn to Mystia, her wings and ears drooping. She flashes you an embarrassed smile, patting her corset. “Mind letting me out?”

You stare back.

She rubs her neck and holds out an open palm toward you, with a silver key on top. “I’m already mostly free, you know. I promise—no, swear—I’ll go back in once we’re done. But I’m still a girl like you. I want to get clean, too.”

You fold your arms, looking her up and down. The hobble chain still hangs from her thighs and you could still put her back in those cuffs if she lets you. But you’ve also got the goddess and her servants nearby. Your spine tingles at the thought of freeing her but you can’t count on getting another chance to test her without some new youkai breathing down your cunt.

Koishi’s not the bastion you’d hoped for and you don’t know what else Okina’s offering you yet. As much as it makes you want to scream, she may still be the best protection you’ll get.

“Turn around.”

She spins, offering you her back. Still twitchy, you rub your forearms, then accept the key. You first crouch down to pop the leg cuffs open, dropping them to the floor. Then you rise back up and snap the buckles loose as she works on her front. A minute or so later, you’ve disconnected it from her collar and she’s pulled it down her legs. She sets it inside a shelf and steps into the water. She shivers.

“It’s so warm.”

She practically melts into the water as you peel Aya’s shirt off and pop the bra. Lifting it up and off, you peer around, finding no stools or buckets. You tread around the bath, finding nothing but empty shelves set into the wall and smooth tile lining the edge. Sighing, you set Aya’s clothes in a nearby shelf, opposite Mystia, about a body’s length between her and your edge of the pool.

You tap the water with your foot. It’s not scalding, but it’s close. You slide your leg in, slow and sure, giving your body time to acclimate. Pressing a hand to the tile, you slide the other leg in and ease yourself down. Burning wet heat stings your skin and seeps deep into your body as you lower yourself in. The hot water grazes up your bust as your ass hits the smooth, hard surface below.

You lean back a moment, taking your time to unwind. Then a spray of hot water hits your face, stinging you. You look forward to find Mystia leaning down, swinging back and forth, her wings puffed and stretched out. Her wings shake, flap, and shudder, then fold back in to her back as she settles down and lounges against the rim.

A hand lowers into your vision, carrying a smooth green block. “Your soap.”

You look up to find Satono staring back down on you. You accept the soap and she steps away. You rub it between your hands, set it beside you, then spread the fresh lather down your arms. Up ahead, you find Mai offering a similar block to Mystia.

“I’m not thrilled with your attitude.”

You don’t think you did anything remotely outrageous, but that sentiment bothers you. You lean back and raise a leg, lathering it up. Maybe it was just an idle, offhand comment. Maybe it was even intended just to push you toward giving more to her. You can’t help a bitter, wry chuckle at that. If that’s all it was, it worked. Satono and Mai disturb you, but even their assault wasn’t enough to dissuade you from this place, given the competition.

Not yet.

You lather up your other leg and stand up to work your stomach and chest. You make certain to apply copious lather under and between your breasts, as well as your crack. You send off a frantic prayer that Okina won’t care, but you’re not taking your chances.

Finally, you splash your face and lather it up, then splash it again to get the soap off. You blink the water out to find Mystia staring back, close enough to feel her breath through the fog.

You glare. She blinks, blushes, and steps back.

“I think that goddess wants us all super clean and, well…” She looks to the side, scratching her cheek. “You can’t do your back properly, right?”

Your brow furrows, but she’s right. You grunt, defeated, and sit down on the floor, swishing the water with your legs. Even naked, soaked, and exposed to the air, you feel only the barest traces of chill. “Hurry up and don’t you dare touch my ass or tits.”

She gulps and climbs out of the bath. “Yes, ma’am.”

She lifts the soap off the floor, then sets it back down. She rubs her palms together, then presses them to your shoulder blades. “It’s been a weird night, huh?”

“It’s been a long night and a longer morning.”

Her hands slide up, over your shoulders. “I’m sorry.” They slide down, grazing your sides.

“I know.”

Her hands slide to your hips, then back up the center of your back. “You feel nice, though. Your skin’s so smooth.”

“It’s wet and soapy.”

“I-I know that! I’m just saying it’s nice. It’s a complement.”

“Yes. The kind usually followed by… this morning.”

“Oh.”

You sigh, wondering if your mind’s been twisted into paranoia by the past year.

“All done.” She retracts her hands and sits down beside you, swishing the water with her legs and flicking her wings.

“Say, uh… I kind of need help with my back too, so could you maybe, you know…”

“Yes, yes.” You step up and lather your hands back up. She curls her wings over her arms, exposing a strip of clear skin between the white feathers of her wings. You start there, sliding your hands down.

“Oh, I already did my wings, so you don’t need to worry about them.”

She coos as your hands slide down her back. You follow a similar pattern to her, though you keep your hands clear of her sides as you sweep around her wings and stop cold at her waist.

“Done.”

You step back into the water beside her. She scoots away a few steps, then slides back in much like you did. She sighs and stretches her wings out underwater.

“Wait, didn’t you just bathe a few moments ago?”

She giggles. “We can’t be too be too careful, right? Besides, well… I’d like to have a talk with you.”

You swish a finger through the water’s surface. “About what?”

“Well, you know. Us. I’m your pet now, right? What do you want me to do? And you know, if you ever get a little pent up…”

With a clack, you find a dark bottle and Mai leaning over you. “For your hair.” She says as she walks away. Mystia snatches it up, pops the top open, and squeezes out a small white dollop. She sniffs it, shrugs, and sets the bottle down, rubbing her hands together.

You take the bottle, squeeze some onto your finger, and lather up. Following her lead, you then work it into your hair, rubbing it in near the scalp, and dunk your head in the bath.

It feels good to have the sweat, spit, and juices of so many girls off your damn body. You sigh, content. You never quite decided what Mystia should be to you, other than obedient.

Mystia matches your tone. “Well, anyway. If you want me to do something, just let me know, okay?”

“This way.” Satono stands across the pool from you, before the door you came from. Groaning, you pull yourself out of the bath and turn around. You hear a splash as Mystia pulls herself out beside you.

You find the shelves where you’re sure you left Aya’s clothes, empty. And the shelves nearby. And every damn shelf on this wall, as far as you can tell. You spin around to find Mystia’s shelf and its neighbors similarly bare. Mai steps out of the door, carrying a pair of green, fuzzy towels. You groan again and step back into bath, wade through it, then climb back out in front of them, Mystia following close behind.

Mai hands a towel to Satono starts rubbing hers over Mystia’s face. Then a towel hits your own.

Satono rubs your face and hair dry, then moves to your breasts, holding one at a time as she dries them.

“Hey! I can do this myself.”

Satono ignores you, rubbing your stomach. “This is our duty. Let us handle it.” She swings around and dries your back.

“Please? Could you please let me do this myself?”

“No.” Satono swings back in front to rub the towel against your pussy, then across your ass, dipping between the cheeks. Then down your legs and over your feet. She hands the towels to Mai, who places them in a shelf as she pulls out a shiny black box.

Popping the box open, she pulls out a pair of lacy purple undergarments and hands them to you.

You accept, finding a pair of elaborate, lacy panties with a matching bra.

You waste no time dragging the panties up your legs, soon finding them a pleasant fit… and not actually panties. They amount to little more than two sheer triangles running from your ass-cheeks in the back to the edge of your hips in the front, framing your genitals more than hiding them.

“Excuse me, but what the hell is this?”

Satono tuts. “You’ll need to trust our mistress. Now finish dressing.”

Swallowing, you spread the bra out before you, only to find similar holes in it. It’s elegant, really. Beautifully sewn lace that just so happens to frame your nipples. Still, you flip it around, then pull it down your arms and over your chest. Snapping it in the back, you find it an excellent fit as well. That just happens to reveal vast swathes of your areola. Looking back up, you find Mystia now dressed as well.

In similarly sparse, red undergarments. Idly, you wonder how they connect at the back, given her wings.

Satono clears her throat, holding a bunched up, purple dress. “Lift your arms.”

Hesitant, you obey, raising your arms straight up. She slides the dress over and down them, until the straps hit your shoulders.

She lets it descend further, then steps back. You find yourself in a sleeveless dress that descends almost to your ankles. With a slit on one side reaching your upper thighs. She presents you with a pair of matching gloves, which you accept and slide down your arms, finding them thin and light, but reaching halfway from your elbow to your shoulder.

She ties off a set of thin laces at the end of each glove, then offers a pair of violet sandals with shallow heels. Sighing, you let her fit you into each one. Finally, she ties off a few laces on your back, tightening the dress around your stomach and emphasizing your bust.

Even your soft, barely-there nipples poke out underneath it. You look to Mystia, finding her still her underwear. If you can even call it that.

They look you both over, then bump their fists together.

Satono gestures toward the door. “This way, ladies.”

You give Mystia a tired, defeated smile, then follow them through the door. You find yourself passing through the dark, pinkish curtain and back before a smiling, lounging goddess.

“So, did you appreciate my gift?”

Your face twitches. “I—”

“It’s wonderful! Thank you so much, goddess.”

She nods. You breathe out a sigh of relief. You barely even care about Mystia’s likely ulterior motives.

“Good, good.” Okina flicks her fingers, bringing the doors back. She sweeps a hand toward the red one. “This one leads to a powerful shrine maiden. The site crawls with all sorts of youkai, but all your problems may just go away if she so chooses.” She sweeps the other hand toward the green one. “This one leads to an elite swordswoman. She’s fast and sharp, but a bit naïve. Her mistress is a bit dangerous, but I think you’ll do fine.”

She closes her eyes and swishes her finger through the air in lazy circles. “My servants’ offer is still on the table, if you prefer her. You’re also free to refuse to serve me, though…” Her eyes crack open, narrow and sharp. “I can’t say what will happen to you if you do.”

She crosses her legs, expression easing. “Your service will entail a single task of my choosing, at the time of my choosing, with express permission to punish you as I see fit, should you fail or refuse. I won’t request sexual gratification or prostitution, but I expect a willingness to perform such acts if needed. Finally, as a bonus, I’ve decided I’ll help you with your randy bird. Tell me what you want from her and I’ll see to it that she’s decorated accordingly.”

You take one last look at each option, then sigh. “I’ll do it. Give me the green door.”

Okina smiles. “My, I’m almost surprised. You chose not to pursue your hero. Well, I suppose it would have been embarrassing to admit your troubles to her.” She claps her hands, once. “Excellent. I’m sure this girl will be happy to see you. Now, about your associate.”

You fidget with your dress’s collar. There’s still an itch to hurt or humiliate her just a bit more, but there are bigger, more burning targets for that desire. You need help, more than anything else. “How about a champion?”

She taps her lips. “I think that will work out just fine.” She flicks a finger and her servants approach. Satono grabs Mystia by the shoulders and drags her away. Mai walks off in another direction.

You watch her leave.

“Oh, one last thing.” Okina twirls a lock of hair. “The woman you’re going to is a servant of a friend of an associate of mine. I’m not fond of this associate, but I won’t upset her on your account. I’m terribly sorry, but you’re simply not important to me. As far as I’m concerned, the swordswoman has permission to do as she sees fit if you offend or undermine her. This permission extends to her master, of course.”

You bow, tense and shallow. “Of course.”

“Don’t think too hard on it. The mistress is quite easygoing, and the girl’s simple enough to appeal to. Just don’t go stepping on anyone’s toes and don’t expect any divine intervention or relinquished duties should they require something strange.”

You bow just slightly lower. “Yes.”

“You know, I wonder what I will ask. You’re not very influential, beyond your exotic power. You’re barely competent at combat, and you’re not very tough…”

You strain your eyes up, only to see her stroking her chin.

“Well, we’ll come up with something later. Time to depart.”

You rise as she sweeps her hand again and the red door fades away. The green one floats down, beside the chair. “Go ahead, then.”

You walk forward, onto the steps, and pull the door open. A faint, lightless room lies beyond. You glance back to Okina, who nods.

You step into the threshold.

“Wait a moment, I just remembered a few things.”

You turn back around. Okina motions you toward her. You step up before her. She motions you closer. You lean forward.

She grabs your head and pulls you to her pendulous chest. She pushes your face down and plants a kiss on your forehead, gently letting go.

You focus your eyes on her bust, blushing. She grins. “Think of it as… a good luck charm, of sorts. We’ll make certain your avian friend plays along and does as she’s told.” She strokes her chin again. “By me, that is. Though it will extend to you by some proxy, I’m sure.”

You sigh. “Of course.”

“And I’d hate to have you doubting the reliability of either of them, so I’ll be sure to invite a friend to see you soon.”

“Friend?”

“Oh yes. I like the boyish firefly girl and that… enthusiastic umbrella.”

You choke, dropping an arm across her lap as you double over.

“But you’ve not yet experienced the captain’s love either. And there are youkai you don’t even remember just dying to get inside you. Or you inside them. You know how they get. Choices, choices.” She crosses her legs. “Don’t worry. Whoever I choose, she’ll just be there to give your new friends a chance to show off. Who knows, maybe you’ll even get a chance to express yourself in return.” She waves. “Goodbye.”

You bow one final time and step back down, bumping into the hard, wood surface of a door. She waves her hand and it falls open behind you.

You wobble, then teeter backwards and spin around. You hear the soft snoring of a young woman before you, but you see nothing. Then, slowly, as your eyes adjust, you catch the faintest outline of a blanketed body.

You take a deep breath. Then feel a heeled shoe dig into your back, shoving you through the gateway. The kick launches you, just slightly, into the air. You hear the door shut behind you just before your knee collides with someone’s bare foot.

The figure before you stirs just before you pitch forward, collapsing into her gut.

You catch only a faint glimmer in the darkness before her legs clamp down around your body and the tip of a smooth, sharp blade rests, trembling, over the back of your neck.

The soft texture of a light summer dress presses into your cheek, with a tight, smooth belly beneath it.

Voice tight, she whispers. “Who are you?”

“N-Naoko. Naoko Honda. I’m just a farmer’s daughter.” The soft, oil-scented dress does little to muffle your voice.

She pauses. “Farmer? Why on…”

She snaps her finger, her legs peeling off your body. Jittery, you push off the ground, folding your legs beneath you as a lantern flares to life above. Pale, bluish light touches the room around you, providing just enough light to see the rest of the room.

It’s small. There’s a messy futon before you, next to a small desk and plain, wooden chair nearby. Together, these fill one end of the room. Twisting your head, you find a blank door, flanked by a small armoire on one side and a scabbard hanging from a rack on the other.

You turn back to see a young woman standing over you, her pale hair cut much like Wriggle’s, pointing a sword to your face. A short one. An empty scabbard lies by her futon.

“Are you the, uh, swordswoman?” Even after everything else, you struggle to tear your eyes from her glimmering blade.

She tilts her head, which only makes it more menacing in the dim light. “Swordswoman?”

“The elite swordswoman? Quick and, strong, I think? Not very… I mean, with a dangerous mistress?”

She steps forward, holding her blade toward your neck. “Yuyuko is wise and strong, not dangerous.”

Your blood chills. “Yuyuko? Yuyuko Saigyouji? Manipulator of death? Ruler of, of—”

“The netherworld.”

You pull yourself backward, chest pounding. “Then, then…” Your mind blanks a short moment. You’ve been captured, cursed, confined, and raped, but to negotiate with the queen of death itself? What the hell did you get yourself into?

And just how powerful is Okina, if she considers herself within that woman’s sphere? What kind of god did you just beg from? Not that she’ll help, but just how far in over your head are you?

The girl stares down at you. You swallow. You’ve made it this far and you’re still short on help. “I… need friends. Guardians. Could you possibly help?”

She turns her blade aside and steps forward. Leaning down, she grabs you by the collar and hauls you up. Dropping you on your feet, her eyes harden. “How did you get here?”

Someone thumps into the walls nearby.

“Let go of me! My love is in here and she needs me!”

The girl sends a glare your way, then scoops the scabbard off the wall and throws her door open.

Only to have a winged girl slam into her, throwing her back inside. Fluffy, white wings with purple frames attached just below a head of fluffy pink hair.

“Mystia?”

She pulls herself back up and spins to face you. A deep red, sleeveless top with more frills than you’ve ever seen in one place covers her big, fat chest, but little else. A matching skirt hangs from her waist but fails to reach even halfway down her legs. Long gloves run up almost to her shoulders. Simple shoes cover the only article of a different color: sheer, black socks with intricate floral patterns that reach just above her knees.

‘Honda’ adorns one breast in glittery gold lettering, with ‘Naoko’ on the other. What kind of champion wears that?

A pair of spectral men in heavy armor stomp into the room, seizing her. “Our apologies, lady Konpaku. We’ll have this girl out in just a moment—”

Mystia kicks, throwing her body around as they turn back.

A foot crashes into the wall.

“Wait!” The girl—Konpaku—hisses.

They pause. Mystia stills.

“Let’s talk.”

They turn back around, bringing Mystia with them. “What’s there to say? We caught her intruding.”

The woman pauses, taking a breath. “Lady Yuyuko is asleep. Quiet down.”

“No!” Mystia pouts back at the girl. “Naoko’s gonna get raped if…”

You shake your head, flailing your hands, then pressing a finger to your lips. That last thing you want is to parade your vulnerabilities to every human and youkai you…

Mystia smiles back. “Sorry, Naoko. Your pussy’s too important to me.”

The guards look aside, away from Mystia. Konpaku slaps her own hand across Mystia’s lips. “Language!”

Konpaku pauses. “Is there some beast you ran from? Is it a threat to Hakugyokurou?”

You take a step back, bumping into the wall. “I don’t think s…”

Are they? Mystia, Wriggle, Kagerou, Murasa? None of them pose a threat to someone like Yuyuko.

But the book? You never encountered it since the library, but it did possess one of the most powerful women in the village.

Mystia twists, failing to so much as jostle her captors. “It’s safe.”

“Then throw them out, or…” Konpaku sets her scabbard down and waves the guards away. “Leave them here but guard the door. I’ll dismiss you when we’ve finished.”

They let go, bowing. Then they turn around and leave the room, shutting the door behind them. Konpaku pulls the empty scabbard from beside her futon and sheathes the naked sword, then sets both blades down. She kneels at the edge of the futon.

Nerves tight, you kneel near her, with Mystia across from you.

The three of you stare at the floor between as you consider what to do next.

A hot breath brushes past your ear from behind. From… the wall. You twist, finding the cheeky grin of a disembodied face. You bite down a shriek as you twist and fumble backward, landing on your ass, across from Konpaku.

The face approaches, the full, almost plump body of a proud noblewoman following suit. She smiles as she floats down, settling on her knees.

She turns to you, barely jostling her mess of soft, curly hair. She reaches a hand out and ruffles your own hair.

You turn to Konpaku, who rubs her scalp.

“When you said r…” she looks across from her. The woman smiles back.

“Lady Yuyuko, how long have you been here?”

“Oh, don’t worry about that. Now,” she turns to you, “I heard some juicy gossip about a monster threatening some poor maiden’s pussy.”

Your voice croaks. “Ms. Yuyuko?”

“Yes?”

“Y-You. You’re Lady Yuyuko? Mistress of the dead?”

“Only some of them.” Her smile turns warm, but with a touch of condescension.

You pause, half dumbfounded. Before you can think, a question tumbles from your tongue.

“How do I… look, to you?”

“It’s too dark to see, silly. But…” She runs a finger in circles on your knee. “That’s not really what you want to know, is it?”

Your spine tingles.

“As to whether or not I’d want to taste some fresh fugu, plated on your thighs….”

Konpaku locks up. As do you. You just barely met her and you’ve asked if she wanted to fuck you. Would she interpret that as stupidly forward, or the more biting question you most likely meant? Is there any way to…

“The answer is not yet, but I hear these desires can come on quite suddenly.” She pats your knee. “Let’s leave that aside for now. The farmer’s misfortunate daughter traveled quite a distance to reach, of all places, the Netherworld. I’d adore it if you could tell me just which youkai managed to chase you so far.”

You look between the figures of Yuyuko and Konpaku, under the dim light. “Do you know who I am?”

Yuyuko claps her hands. “You’re quite the lady killer, from what I hear. A fine delicacy to every feminine monster and a sultry morsel even to the civilized. All of this, despite a painfully average birth.”

“…Do you know why I left the farm?”

Yuyuko grins. “I couldn’t say, though I have to wonder if it involved a few jilted lovers.”

You laugh, short and sarcastic. “That’s how they’d see it. What about what happened…” you take a breath, counting the time that’s passed, “two nights ago?”

Konpaku puts a hand to her chin. “Nothing important happened at that time, but there were extra patrols yesterday… An attack?”

Yuyuko claps her hands. “Good job, Youmu! Yes, she got tag-teamed by ferocious beasts.” She turns to you. “But who attacked you and which position did they use?”

You shake your head. “It was a werewolf and a tsukumogami. I escaped to the village the next morning.”

Yuyuko turns to Konpaku. Youmu? “Hey, Youmu. Do you think they spit-roasted her?”

Youmu’s head spins away. “How would I know!”

You cough. “They had no… no d- they didn’t have the anatomy for that.”

Yuyuko turns to you. “So, you do know what it means.”

You sigh, tired. “It’s been a long year, Lady Saigyouji.”

She pats your head. “Aww, how cute.”

Cute? This is cute?

A stray wisp of air slips under your dress, brushing into your slit. You press your thighs together. “While there I encountered a magic book. Something demonic. It also… It possessed the bookkeeper and used her to…”

“Ravish you, I imagine.”

You shift your legs just slightly. “Yes. We got away, a reporter flashed me, and I met someone pretending to be my sister. I went home, where I found a tentacle buried inside my…”

“Maiden’s flower? Feminine core? Love hole? Or did slip up your backdoor?”

Youmu groans. Whether at her excessive interest or odd word choice, you’re not sure.

“Not my… butt.” Would ‘ass’ have offended her? “It was the other… hole. We exterminated it—”

“We?”

“Me and the fake. Then the book from before found a new host and Shizuha—”

“Shizuha?”

“The goddess of autumn. I met her just after returning to the village. Which we now left, where we…”

You point at Mystia, eyes hard. “We met her alongside an accomplice.”

Mystia looks back at you, then at the other two. She rubs her neck. “Oh, that was last night. Of course. Right, right, right. Yeah, we kidnapped her. Wriggle did mean stuff to her, but she professed her love and we made out. She spaced out at some point too, I think.”

“I… had a vision of a sorceress, I think. She said something about a contract.” You swallow. “Wriggle made me…”

Yuyuko tilts her head, still smiling. “Pleasure her?”

“Yes. I escaped soon after, but…” You turn back to Mystia.

She scratches her head. “I panicked. And I, uh, raped her.” She bows her head. “Sorry.”

You swallow, shifting your ass. “A Buddhist scared her off, saving me. Later I returned to the village with the perverted journalist and she showed me a way into the realm of the rear door. There I reunited with Mystia, under my own terms, and we met the goddess of that realm. She sent us here.”

“My, what strange company you keep.” She pauses, sliding a hand down your shoulder. “Could you tell us just a little more about this goddess and just why she sent you here?”

You tug the edge of your dress over your hips. “She offered me a new ally, in return for some favor.”

She squeezes your shoulder. “She decided you’d acquire this companion here?”

“…Yes. She said it was a skilled swordswoman serving you, I think.”

Yuyuko’s voice turns frosty. “She did, did she? And why did she expect me to hand one over?”

“I… don’t know. I don’t know what she wants or plans. That’s just the offer she gave.”

“And your avian concubine isn’t enough?”

Mystia preens, humming.

“I…” You glance back to Mystia. “I can’t protect myself alone. From the others, or from her.”

“You think she sees you like a tender steak?”

“Yes.” You hunch down. “If you want something from me in return, I’ll listen.”

Yuyuko’s eyes narrow in the dim light. She places a hand on your thigh, by the slit in your dress.

She lifts your dress, exposing your bare, almost frizzy mound. Your hands pounce into the dress’s folds, pressing it back over your crotch.

Yuyuko coughs and looks aside. She stands up. “My apologies, young lady. We’ll decide how to handle you tomorrow. Guards.”

Opening the door, the spectral knights return to the room.

“These womena are tired. Show these women to a good bed, please.”

They nod. You get up, allowing them to escort you out. They guide you down a long hallway, one guard in front and one behind, with Mystia on your right. You pass through an open hall, only a sequence of columns between you and what appears to be a rock garden to your side. Though you’re forced to guess based on the few shapes you make out in the midnight gloom.

You hug yourself, clenching the light fabric of your dress close to your body. What was Okina thinking?

You pass back into the structure’s interior, turning to the left, then the right, before the guards finally stop. The leader opens a door to your left, ushering the two of you inside. You find a thick, silky futon on the floor to your right, with a desk beside it, in the far corner. Nothing else stands out to you in the gloom, save the small window your only light comes from.

The door closes behind you.

Sighing, you crawl onto the futon, just catching a muffled, girly chirp behind you.

Mystia throws her top off, revealing what appears to be her ever-erect nipples, seemingly bare. Her hands slide down her sides and push her skirt off.

Your breath catches. “W-what the hell are you doing?”

She pauses, her head tilting. “We can’t sleep in these, right?”

“That- well- I mean. It would be okay, I think? Just one night should be—”

She tuts, waving a finger. “We can’t make a good impression in wrinkled clothes, can we?” She pushes her skirt down, dropping it to her ankles. You look away.

Shoes tock against the floor as you stare down your dark dress. You poke and tug at it. You’ve already been raped what, four, five times? Six? What’s one more abuse? Feeling sick, you pull it off and pray Mystia reins herself in for just one night.

She scares you but, damnit, you need Yuyuko’s support.

Folding the dress, you set it down beside the futon and take a deep breath. The warm night air fills your lungs as you rub your bare stomach. The shade conceals some of your near-total nudity, though you wish your ‘underwear’ would contribute something to that as well. Anything. Swallowing, you kneel and pull yourself into the futon. You lay on your side, head nestled into a deep, fluffy pillow. You lie facing the window.

Gently, the blanket rises, her legs sliding in behind you. A moment of shuffling later and she lies down, letting the blanket fall over you once more.

The futon’s nice. Not the sagging soft of Mystia’s or Okina’s beds, but not as hard as your own home. Your…

Mystia pokes your shoulder blade. “Can I… can I hug you? Please?”

You grunt. “Fine.”

Her arms slide around your midsection, pulling you close as her head slips into the crook of your neck. And her smothering tits press into your back, complete with warning bell nipples.

She giggles. “Thank you, Naoko. I’ll be good, I promise.”

You sigh. “Just… just keep your hands off anything sensitive.”

“Yes, yes.” Mystia hums, then cuts off. “Oh, I guess you don’t want to hear my song anymore, huh?”

“Song?”

“The one about you? About your, well,” her voice drops just above a whisper, “your ass. The one I sang in the forest, when we uh, captured you.”

Oh. That one. “I don’t.”

“Okay.”

A quiet moment passes as Mystia’s head shifts from your neck to the back of your head. She nestles into your hair.

What do you do now? Did Okina expect you to act differently? Did she scam you with that offer? Does she have something up her sleeve?

Or did Yuyuko hide something under her hostility?

What do you do if you win her favor? Do you just walk out with her warrior? Try to get lessons? Would it help if you did?

If you leave, where do you go? Mystia rustles, rubbing her coarse nipples across your back. You worry about what you’ll find in the morning. Is it even worth resisting these people?

“Say, Mystia. What do you want to do tomorrow?”

She giggles. Again. “You don’t want to know.”

You groan. “Besides fucking me.”

“You still don’t want to know.”

“Besides marrying me?”

“Still no.”

“Besides dating me?”

“Well, if we skip all the lovey-dovey stuff… I think I should get back to my cart at some point. Those eels won’t cook themselves.”

You sigh. “Eel, huh? I wonder what it would’ve been like, to just taste your cooking. Before that night.”

“Which one?”

“Any of them.”

She squeezes you, nuzzling your neck again. “Just give me some time. I’ll make up for it.”

“You’d better. If you don’t, I…”

You drift to sleep.

You sprint forward, staggering down a rolling, peach-colored plain dotted in small, thin hairs. You stumble, skidding to a stop before a pair of perfectly spherical hills, just taller than you, topped with coarse, rose-colored lumps. The plain drops off on either side of the hills. An enormous leg stomps into the ground below, followed by another. Thick brown fur blankets both, meeting together in a bare, dripping slit, covered in a mess of much thinner hairs. The giant kneels, her hairy crotch thumping into something just past the spherical hills. A quake ripples through the land beneath you.

The plain jerks, lurching upward and sending you to the hills. You crash into their soft edges, feet sliding into the tight valley between. Furry arms, ending in claws, reach out toward you as the plain levels off again.

Eyes wide and sweat pouring, you turn and run. Sprinting back down the plain, you bolt up a subtle incline and skid around a depression, just avoiding the lumpy pit inside. Soon you’re running downward, watching another giant leg flung upward in the distance. You slow, jogging down as you spot the leg’s base meeting the plain.

A second leg extends out to one side, with a puffy mound and an open, wet slit between them. Folds of pink, spongy flesh protrude from the interior of that mound.

The plain—the stomach—behind you arcs again and your feet lose purchase. A leg falls across the idle one as you fall. Just as your feet slip across the squishy folds of this land’s mound, the gaping maw of another woman’s pussy descends from above.

You catch yourself and spin around as you fall. Then the second pussy crashes into your back, trapping you between the dripping hot, squelching folds of two cunts.

The women above and beneath you seem bigger than before.

The rank odor of lust chokes your lungs as you squirm beneath the giant’s weight. Her crotch pushes down, dragging you further in. Her pussy lips rub against your hair, drenching it in her juices even as she plunges your face into the pussy below.

Thick, gushing fluid pours down your throat before she grinds upward, freeing your drenched head from their flesh. You choke, coughing out heavy globs of their juices.

Hacking, you look up. Three images appear before you. A violet book, a glowing, red ring, and an orange door. All float above the stomach. Time slows, almost to a stop, as the objects transform into familiar figures. From the book, Patchouli, scrutinizing you like a puzzle. From the ring, Kosuzu, whimpering, then sneering. She fades to static, then turns into a blurry image of Akyuu. From the door, Okina, a twinkling eye the only sign of emotion on her face. 

You stretch your arm out.

“Patchou-lph…” thick folds of heavy flesh squish and press around your head as thicker fluids drench your skin. The spongy walls contract, compacting your arms to your sides as they press the air from your lungs.

The pussy above grinds upward, blocking out the light and smothering your body in it’s choking, smothering aroma.

Then the black before your eyes burns violet and the upper pussy jerks away. You grope puffy mound around you, seeking but failing to find purchase. Desperate, you pinch the flesh between your fist, using the leverage to free your spare hand. Tiring, you yank your it out and grab hold of the other side. Dazed you glance around, seeing the shallow belly rise and fall ahead, and your giant’s legs sprawled out behind you. The other pair stumbles into the night.

It all seems so familiar.

The muscles around you contract again, threatening to pull you in. You wheeze, shoving your hands straight down to push yourself up. You heave, pulling your bust free. A tremor ripples up through her cunt, sending your hands into a desperate vice-grip, but her sucking walls to swallow one of your shins. Straining, gasping, you keep the rest of your body free, waiting for her muscles to relax. Finally, the grip on your leg weakens and you throw yourself out, sprinting between her hip bones to her stomach’s subtle incline.

You wheeze, sputtering out globs of pussy juice.

Your chest heaves, throat burning as you take in long, greedy gulps of cunt-scented air. Then, finally, you collapse, laying on the calm, peach-colored plain.

It twitches, red lights flaring across the skin underneath you. You startle, pulling yourself back up as giant, glowing rings form over the plain ahead and the legs behind.

Red rings.

The crotch jerks up, throwing you across the flat belly. You tumble across that shallow hill, skidding back down before crashing into the narrow gully between enormous breasts.

More purple lights flash across the body, layering atop the red and holding the giant still. You pick yourself up once more, knees shaking. Wiping sweat from your chin, you take a hesitant look, finding the violent lightshow of two magic powers battling over a single salacious titan.

Then your legs snap together, thighs and shins grinding into each other. Your arms follow suit, pressing tight to your sides and hips. You glance down.

At least four separate rings have formed around your body, reaching from your chest to your ankles. You twist and squirm, but you remember these. You’re going nowhere until they’re gone.

Your feet slip up and away from the soft plain. You watch, helpless, as the titan drops out beneath you, the rings pulling you slowly upward. Then your motion stops. You crane your neck, finding Patchouli floating to one side, her long lavender hair splaying out as she stretches a glowing hand out toward you.

A giant hand bats her away as another hand folds in around you, trapping your bust between the index and middle fingers, the thumb pressed to your cheek. The rings vanish as the hand pulls you away.

It twists, turning you to see Kosuzu’s enormous face. Licking her lips, she opens her gaping maw and pulls you close. Her oppressive, panting breath washes over you as she rotates you once more and slides you in, closing her mouth.

As she presses the smooth, wet weight of her lips to your entire head, a faint, violet glow graces the edges of your vision. 

Startled, you wake. Faint daylight streams in through the small window as slender hands fold and press around each of your breasts. A pair of fingers rubs the edges of one nipple, giving it experimental squeezes. You shudder. Heavy breasts and swollen nipples still press into your back, their body now shivering. It’s legs curl around one thigh, trailing wet arousal up and down it.

You squirm, annoyed by the faint hint of your own desire, lurking at the corner of your mind.

Then you wake in earnest, reaching behind to your captor’s sides and shoving her back.

She resists, digging her fingers into your breasts and warbling between panting kisses to your neck.

You move your hands from her side to her wrists. “Let go, Mystia.”

Her lips still, but she squeezes harder. “C’mon. I’ll be good later, I swear. Just give me this, I need it so bad.”

You yank at her arms, heaving. They pull away, freeing you. You stumble forward, crawling away from Mystia. You roll over to see her, scooting your mostly bare ass across the mercifully soft tatami. She crawls out of the futon, wearing wide puppy-dog eyes and licking her lips. And that ‘underwear’ exposing her nipples and leaking slit.

Her wings flare out, ready to… lunge?

Her right hand wanders to her crotch, two fingers slipping inside her pussy. “Please. You’ve no idea just how bad it is. Just one fuck, please~”

You back into the wall. For a moment you sit there, hunched over with a hand planted before your crotch. “You came on the promise you’d protect me, remember? From precisely this shit!”

“I know. I did my best, I swear. But I just can’t take it anymore. Just one little fuck.”

She plants a hand between your knees, followed by her head. She leans forward, sniffing the hand before your crotch.

“You smell so good.”

You jerk one knee inward, colliding with her skull. She pauses, blinking. You hurl your foot into her chest, startling her. You shove it in with all your might, knocking her back.

She falls back on her ass.

You grunt. “We’re done.”

Her eyes flare out. “Wait, wait, wait!” Pussy leaking, thighs and wings twitching, she holds her left hand out. “We can talk this over, right?”

Her right hand slips back over her cunt.

“Those were the terms. You don’t touch me without permission, remember?”

“I- I- I…” She winces. “I’ll be good, I swear. Just…” She groans, pumping two fingers in and out of her pussy. “Uuurgh. Please, please give me permission. Let me touch you. Fuck you. Let me make sweet, sweet love to you.”

You pause, thinking it over.

“No.” Not when she’s like this.

“Pleeeease~”

You glare back. “No.”

Her lip trembles as her eyes beg. And her fingers pump inside her. She doubles over, puppy dog eyes collapsing into a focused grimace. She groans as her left hand grabs the nearby breast, squeezing and kneading. Her skin sheens with sweat as you sit there, half-shaking.

“Oh, Naoko. Naoko~”

You learn forward and crawl, circling around behind her, where you find the dresses you’d both shed last night.

“Oh, oh, oh!”

You reach down, grabbing your dress with trembling fingers. Is this it? Does this happen to everyone? Will this happen to the swordswoman? Konpaku? You pull the dress over your head, thinking.

Should you hit her with another beam? Or is that what’s responsible for this clusterf—

Mystia grunts, shaking. “Oh, Naoko, I’m cu—”

Her thighs quiver, then return to more irregular shakes. “Urgh! C- come- on-”

You press the dress to your stomach, taking some solace in the embrace of opaque fabric over your privates.

Mostly.

Mystia rolls over, lifting her pelvis as her left hand slides from her bust to her ass.

“H- hey. T- this lo-ooks h-hot, ri… right?” She pants, now fidgeting more than pumping her pussy while she probes her asshole.

She grunts, getting her first finger in as you turn away, back to the window. You walk back around her and lean through the open, circular hole. At least the air’s pleasant here, if a bit stale.

Mystia screeches behind you as you try to take in the air.

You’d love to leave. To go somewhere safe and permanent. You want to talk with Yuyuko to know at least what happens next. But you’ve never been here. You don’t know the customs, rules, or even which sections are off-limits. Hell, for all you know, it might offend her just to leave your room without permission.

And so, you grit your teeth as Mystia pants and huffs. As the squelching sound of now-vigorous fingering floats to your ears.

Maybe they were right. Maybe you’ll just find yourself back under her heel.

A heavy hand raps on your door.

Mystia screeches again, this time in ecstasy.

You turn and jog back, sidestepping her panting, collapsed body.

“I… I dedicate thi… this performance to you.”

You slide the door open a hair and position yourself in the crack, hoping you’re not too obvious about it.

You find a new guard, a rugged face under a thorn-bush of stark white hair. Heavily-armored like the others.

“Lady Yuyuko wishes to see you.”

You bow, briefly, then look back. Mystia sighs, naked save the ‘bra’ and ‘panties.’ And wet.

“I’ll be there as soon as I can.”

“She insists you come at once.”

You look between Mystia and the guard.

The guard sighs. “We can look after her.”

“…Thank you.” You bow and slip out. Taking one last look over your shoulder, you call back to her. “Don’t forget to clean up.”

Mystia, still shaking, nods.

The guard marches away, making you jog a short distance to catch up. Now under the growing light of day, you find the mansion surprisingly mundane.

Not plain by any stretch — elaborate tapestries decorate many of the inner walls, the sheer size of the estate speaking much to the ruler’s wealth. But in many ways, it just looks like what you’d expect from a wealthy lord. A wealthy, earthly lord.

Even the sky looks the same.

The hallway ends in a door decorated in an intricate image of branches heavy with assorted birds and fruits. He slides it open, revealing a quiet room with a circular table wide enough to sit perhaps eight people with some space to spare. In the center a golden-brown, sizzling chicken lies atop a silver platter, next to a matching platter of vegetables and two pots, both steaming. Four plates lay near the edges. Yuyuko sits behind it, smiling back at you in a light-blue dress. One simpler than you’d expect of her station. A gruff but slender, bald man stands behind her, wearing an apron.

You step inside and stand before the table, opposite Yuyuko.

A snicker. “Glad to see you’re here.”

The voice makes you twitch. Turning, you find Satono sitting to one side. She grins back, waving.

“Don’t worry. I’m just here to help.”

Yuyuko giggles. “Please, sit.”

You kneel, settling under the table.

“Ken’ichi, if you would.”

“Of course.” The man kneels and pulls out a butcher’s knife, which he presses into the chicken, calm but methodical.

Yuyuko leans back, eyes slanted toward Satono. Not aroused, as far as you can tell. “You push me to a corner, handmaiden. But the answer, I’m afraid, is no.”

Satono stares back, face guarded. “Are you so sure? Given the village’s state, I dare think you should—”

“On the contrary. The fact you’ve not taken her place tells me it’s not quite so important.”

“Please, you know our mistress. She just hates getting her hands dirty.”

Yuyuko snaps her fingers as she heaps a hefty portion of vegetables on her plate, followed by a heavy chunk of fresh-cut chicken. “I realize you have no pride, but surely you must have some shame.”

“Think of it like an opportunity. You’d have a chance to see firsthand, or through your servant, what they’re talking about.”

“Hushed whispers in seedy bars, brothels, and alleys. Hardly a topic worthy of my interest.” A servant arrives, carrying small bowls. Yuyuko takes one and has them fill it to the brim with a steaming soup from one pot as she pours rice from the other to her plate.

Satono starts helping herself as Yuyuko snaps her fingers again. The servants bustle around you, removing your plate.

Yuyuko pushes her plate and bowl toward you, accepting the empty plate and filling it again, now with far smaller portions.

You glance between her and the plate. She nods. Blushing, you pull it close.

Satono chuckles. “Don’t sweat it. She’s just showing off.”

“I’m a hospitable host, handmaiden.”

Yuyuko holds up a steaming carrot slice, then slips it into her mouth, rolling it over inside. She chews, slowly and thoughtfully.

You poke at your own heaping plate, worrying about what this gesture means. A servant offers you a pair of chopsticks, which you use to pick at the rice.

It’s touched with spices you’ve never tasted before. You’re not sure what to think.

“Perhaps I could do it.”

You pause. You and Satono both look to Yuyuko, who dabs at her lips with an embroidered cloth.

“I could lend you my gardener. If you do something for me while you’re gone.”

You heart thumps, twice. “I wi—” You stop. No. Take it slow. “What would I do?”

“A dear friend of mine has run into a bit of trouble with a subordinate of hers. I lend little Youmu to you, and she helps you fix my friend’s problem. Once you’ve taken care of your own problems, of course.”

Your skin chills. “How would I help?”

Yuyuko smiles, a perfect mask of innocence. “Well, that’s just up to you. I think you have the tools, though~”

Satono sighs. “We could do that too.”

“Strange then, that you chose not to offer.”

“We do now. If Naoko extends another favor our way.”

You take a sip of your soup. Miso, with a hint of… something. “And what favor would that be?”

“You’ll just have to wait and see.”

“Of course.”

Yuyuko puts a finger to her lip. “Your sparrow looked quite cute, by the way. I hope she’s not been too hard to tame.”

You tilt your head, hesitant to assume her meaning. 

You take another sip, holding your breath steady as your brow furrows. You already promised Okina one blank favor. For this. To get precisely this thing. Now she needs a second one just to follow through? She couldn’t be bothered to get off her ass to fulfill her end of the bargain?

And they won’t tell you what either favor is? And nothing from Yuyuko either, for that matter. You set the bowl down, breathing out.

“How about Mystia? Can I just trade her for the swordswoman?”

Yuyuko slices off a sliver of wing and slides it, almost sensually, between her lips. She sends you a sinister smile. “Quite cruel of you, just trading your companion away like that.”

You frown. “She’s earned it. In spades.”

Yuyuko giggles, softly. “I’ll accept her as collateral, but surely you could find something more to offer me? Something to better console me for my loss?”

Satono laughs. “You’ve had your eyes set on that bird since you met.”

Yuyuko pouts. “It’s not polite to poke at me this way, you know.”

Satono shrugs.

You lean forward. “Please, Lady Yuyuko. I need help. I need someone strong to protect me.”

She giggles, licking her lips and pulling small slivers of chicken to her rice. “I’m afraid Youmu’s still cuter than both of you.”

You pause, blinking, then slump. You’ve already racked up far more ‘debts’ than you ever should have needed. There must be some way to protect yourself without more, right?

Right?

“And you call us tasteless?”

You look up. Satono stares at Yuyuko, flat and unimpressed.

Yuyuko scowls. “Oh, fine. Just go and ruin the whole show, why don’t you?” She turns to you. “Yes, yes. I’ll accept the trade. We’ll watch over the sparrow while you go gallivanting with Youmu. Just...”

She leans over the table, inviting you close. You lean in. In a lower voice, she continues. “Bring her back with her purity intact, would you? I dislike making examples out of people.”

She leans back, plopping a chunk of rice on her tongue.

Sweating, you sit back yourself. “Thank you, Lady Yuyuko. I’ll treat her well.”

She smiles, chewing, then swallows as she waves it off. “Of course, you will. Now, Handmaiden. We’ve made the deal, you’re welcome to leave at any time.”

Satono stands and bows. “Okina sends her regards.” She reaches up and taps her own back.

She then twists, contorting into a vaguely purplish vortex before winking out of existence.

Yuyuko sighs. “Don’t worry about her. They do that.”

You stare at the spot Satono used to sit. “I… see.”

The two of you sit in silence a while, eating from your plates. As your palate adapts, you find an exotic, pleasing sweetness to the meal.

Yuyuko snaps her finger and the servant departs.

“How does it feel?”

You slurp down the last of your soup. “Pardon?”

Yuyuko’s eyes narrow, twinkling. “Being the most succulent meat on the market. Having even gods pursue you.”

You choke. You pound your chest until breathing returns. “Gods? Which ones? I don’t remember…”

“Oh?” Yuyuko grins. “She never told you? Oh dear, oh my. How cruel of her. Should I tell you?”

You swallow. Is it Okina herself? “Who is it?”

“Why, gods, of course. More than one. What do you think they want? Had I swung that way, I think it would be your slightly above average bust. But Okina’s more of a butt girl. She’s quite sinister, by the way. The sort that always has at least one hidden agenda with you, usually two or three.”

You look down, then back up, narrowing your eyes. “You think I should have refused her?”

“Of course not. As shady as she is, goddesses like her are also quite temperamental. Now, I believe your guardian angel should be…”

There’s a knock on the door.

“Go ahead. She’s waiting for you.”

You nod and stand. Turning, you reach the door and pull it open. Youmu stands at attention, both blades sheathed at her hip, her hands carrying your gloves and boots.

Mystia bolts out from behind her, tackling you to the ground and burying her face in your neck.

She takes a long, loud sniff. She pulls back, hands on your shoulders. “Sorry about this morning. I’ll do better, I promise.”

She rubs her thighs together.

Yuyuko giggles. “Why, of course you will. You’ll have hours of practice, after all.”

She looks up, wide-eyed and blinking. “Huh?”

You clear your throat, looking away. “We… made a deal. You’re staying with her for now.”

“What! Why?”

You stare back at her. She sags.

“Oh. It was that bad?”

Youmu steps forward and pulls her up, off you. She hands you your gloves and boots, which you pull up your arms and legs. Snapping tight to your skin, you find eyes drawn to your shoulders and upper thighs. Grumbling, you stand and pull the slit skirt across your thighs.

Yuyuko beckons Mystia. “This way, little sparrow.”

“I… I didn’t agree to this!”

You let out a tired, frustrated sigh. “We need some time apart, anyway.”

Mystia pouts. “But I wanna be with you.”

“Youmu dear, escort Ms. Honda, if you would.”

“At once, Lady Yuyuko.” Youmu gestures toward the hall. “Ms. Honda, this way.”

“Have a good trip!” Yuyuko waves.

You give Yuyuko a quick bow, waving as Youmu guides you down the hall. A pair of guards falls in between you and Mystia, shutting the door behind you.

Youmu marches in silence, her stark white hair bobbing at her brisk pace. More than once, you find yourself jogging to keep up. You pass a few guards on patrol, each nodding to Youmu as you pass. She turns sharp at each corner and intersection, soon striding through a pair of double doors, into the morning light.

She trots down a wide flight of stairs to the mansion walls, silent as the guards open the gates. You step through it and down another long flight of wide stairs. As you reach the bottom, you find your legs wobbling onto uneven, rocky roads waiting. Your shallow heels click across the ground as you pull to a stop, resting hands atop knees and panting. Youmu stops, tapping her feet.

You pull yourself together and continue forward, marching beside her.

The next leg of this journey continues in silence, passing odd, worn down trees and scraggly grass. You smell… nothing. Uneasy, a thought comes to your mind.

“Mystia will be fine, right?”

Youmu stops, turning toward you. She shakes her head and returns to her forward march. “If she’s under Lady Yuyuko’s roof, yes.”

You sigh, glancing back to the silhouette of stairs in the distance. Youmu grabs your wrist, pulling you close to her chest. You look away, blushing, confused by sudden advance.

You find yourself staring at a giant gate that she shoves open. Just before scooping up your legs and lunging in.

Bright light overwhelms you as the wind rushes past. A wave of burning heat washes over you as the light clears, revealing a wide, expansive sky, and the ground far, far below you. Your hands leap around Youmu’s neck as she soars downward, before remembering your own capabilities.

“I… I can fly.”

Youmu slows down.

“What?”

“I can fly!”

“O-Oh. Okay.” She drops you.

You plunge toward the earth for only a moment before your power ignites, righting you and slowing your descent to a crawl. The two of you drop to a nearby road, touching down on the dirt. As the rush of air subsides, you find its hot weight pressing down on you.

Youmu rubs her brow. “Let us keep pace. We must leave this oppressive heat.” She marches down the road. You follow, listening to the cry of summer chicadas.

She looks back, barely slowing. “Tell me, Ms. Honda. What incident threatens Gensokyo?”

You pause. “Incident?”

“Yes. The urgent affair that demanded my hand. Lady Yuyuko assured me you’d know of its nature and how to aid me.”

“She did?” When did Yuyuko tell her this? You’d been with her from before you settled the deal to when you met Youmu. What on earth…

Youmu stops, staring, head tilted higher than it needs to. “Yes. What incident threatens us?”

“I…” Your mouth flounders, but you settle on the truth. “It’s just some personal troubles. Some youkai… bullying me. I don’t think it extends beyond that.”

You’re not the threat, are you?

“I see.” Youmu turns back to her forward march. You jog up alongside her.

“What sort of bullying?”

“The… sexual kind.”

Youmu stares down to the road, cheeks red. “Oh.”

Long shadows stretch across the road, bathed in the blueish tint of early morning light. An already sweltering morning.

She shakes her head. “We’re to find out together, then.”

“I don’t think there is an incident.”

She clenches a fist, her eyes shining with determination. “There is. Lady Yuyuko said as much. You may not realize it yet, but you’re the key to it.”

“I’m not an incident, I swear!”

She claps you on the shoulder. “Of course not. You’re the key.”

You shake your head, baffled. “What does that mean?”

Youmu sighed. “I have no idea.”

“Did Yuyuko tell you this?”

“Of course.”

You stare down the road, finding the silhouette of the village in the distance. You’ve spent half an hour with that lady and you already find Aya more trustworthy, but this woman works for her and trusts her every word? “What do you think of her?”

Youmu smiles. “She says a lot of weird things, but she’s beautiful. And wise. She’s a great master and someone I’m proud to serve. She really pushes me to my limits. You should find someone like that yourself. It really helps.”

You shake your head. “I’ve had my fill of masters.”

Youmu tilts her head. “Perhaps a lover or friend then? Someone whose mere presence pushes you to do your best for them?”

You put a finger to your moist chin. You love your parents. You trust your brothers and sisters, Ayame especially. But to push you? None but your enemies have really made that possible. Not these days, anyway. There is the Hakurei, but despite what she symbolizes, you’ve never actually met her.

“I don’t know.”

“You should think on it further, then. No task brings greater satisfaction.”

“I see.” Perhaps you should visit her sometime. You’re starting to develop some capabilities. But then, even you’ve heard of her finances. She wouldn’t go full youkai on you, would she?

A ferocious glust blasts into you. Your feet slide back along the dry, dusty road. As it clears, you find Aya’s smug grin, topped by that tokin.

She leaps forward, slinging an arm around your shoulder and spinning you away from Youmu. She leans into your ear.

“You and me. Sunset. Your farm.”

She lets go and steps back. “Thanks for the help last night. And what do you know? Look what I found while scoping the place out.” She pulls a thick, violet-bound book from behind. “Practically begged me to take it to you.”

She holds the book out toward you. You reach to accept her offer.

She grabs your wrist and shoves it down her skirt, underneath her panties. Short, prickly hairs scratch at your fingers as she holds it to her soft, wet pussy. She sighs, happy, then pops it back out, dumping the book in your arms.

A sense of relief washes out from it.

“My job is done here.” She twists around and soars away.

Youmu turns to you, frowning at the book. “What was that about?”

“Someone requested this. Aya promised to help find it last night, but it disappeared.”

“That’s it?”

You sigh. “Apart from the… ‘bullying,’ yes.”

Violet lights shine around you, growing brighter. Something tugs on your body. Then, in a reddened flash, the pressure dies and the lights wink out.

Youmu stares, blinking, then blushes. “W-well uh, who requested it?”

“Ms. P…”

Youmu throws a hand across your face, pressing a finger to her lips.

You pause. Chicadas whine and leaves shuffle. A giant hornet bursts from the trees, surging toward you. A light flashes out and it falls apart, bisected. Two more hornets charge toward you. Youmu slices both in the blink of an eye. She grabs your wrist and races forward. You stumble over your feet, struggling to keep up with her as she surges toward the village. Centipedes scuttle into the road. Wasps, butterflies, and mosquitoes swarm through the air. Throngs of ants and beetles crowd around the centipedes.

She looks back. “How well can you fly?”

“Decent. Not fast.”

“Very well.” Youmu spins and scoops you back into her arms. She kicks off, soaring into the air. Her arms tremble. The sky behind and to your sides darkens.

“Come back here you cowards!” You both turn to find Wriggle soaring after you, her black cloak flapping in the wind.

Youmu swallows, teeth chattering. “Leave your foul minions behind and I’ll accept.”

“How dare you call them that! Take it back!”

“Fine, I take it back! I’ll accept your challenge. Just not with them around!”

“That’s two on one!”

“I’ll fight you myself. Just get rid of the bugs!”

The insects pause. Youmu slows down, watching Wriggle.

“Tie her up. The winner gets her.”

Youmu stares her down. “Why tie her up?”

“So she doesn’t run away when I win!”

“Didn’t I defeat you before?”

“That was a fluke! I’ll crush you this time!”

Youmu looks to you, eyes shining with focus. “Her tastes are strange, but I can beat her.”

You look to Wriggle. Given what you know about her, you hesitate to go anywhere while she’s feeling strong. But to let her tie you up? To trust her not to betray you during the battle? 

“We’ll take you on.”

Wriggle scowled. “Listen to me, damnit! I’ll fight one of you.”

You trade glances with Youmu.

“I’ll take you-”

Youmu holds you close to her modest bust. “Let me battle her.”

You look out toward Wriggle, fingers twitching, eager to beat her yourself. Despite your inexperience, you can’t shake off the image of grinding her to the dirt. Pleasant tingles run down your body at the image of her, face down, under your blue boots.

An almost primal need wells up within you to manhandle her personally.

But the thought of what would happen if you lose sends a very different shiver down your spine. Youmu’s expertise in flight alone tells you she’s the better suited to a duel. You need more practice, but you need to get it from someone who’s not her.

And you really, really want Youmu as friendly as possible while she’s here.

You hold the book close to your chest. “Alright. Kick her ass.”

Youmu blushes, but grins. “Of course.”

“Please, don’t let her win.” You find yourself muttering.

You feel her nod. “I will be your opponent, Nightbug. Prepare to lose once more.” The air shifts as she carries you down.

“I’ll make you eat those words!”

Youmu drops from the sky. Touching down, she lets you step into the cool shade and bare dirt of the forest. Wriggle lands barely a step away, hungry eyes fixated on you. You take an involuntary step back and Youmu chooses to stand between the two of you.

Wriggle rushes forward and leans around Youmu, scowling. She points to an oak tree behind you. “There.”

Youmu turns to you. You nod.

Wriggle latches on to your wrist, only for Youmu to yank her hand back off. Wriggle glowers as you march to the tree, Youmu by your side.

Wriggle points to the ground. “Sit down.”

You stare back at Wriggle, cool as you can manage, as you sit down against the tree. Soft dirt and thick, hard roots press into your ass as you line your back up against the tree.

She races behind it. “Give me your hands.”

You slip the book between the tree and your lower back.

Youmu stands by your side. You give her one last, nervous glance before sliding your arms around the trunk behind you.

Wriggle grabs your wrists and pulls, pressing your back into the bark as she forces them together. A loop of heavy, coarse rope falls across your wrists as she pulls it around and through the loop, wrapping it around them. After perhaps four loops, she shoves it up between your arms, lashing your wrists together.

Finally, she ties it off, leaving them enveloped and immobile.

She dances back in front of you. “There. All secured for my glorious victory.” She slaps her hands together then strokes your cheek, sliding her other hand down to fondle your breast. “All-”

Youmu yanks her back. “My lady’s grace will not be spoiled by your barbarism.”

Wriggle pouts, keeping her eyes on you. “Just wait a moment. Your cunt’s mine.”

Youmu glares. “Watch your tongue!”

Wriggle shrugs and turns away to face Youmu, wiggling her ass in front of you. “Let’s do this.”

Youmu gives her a short, curt bow. “At once. Ruffian.” She takes back off, floating backward into the sky.

Wriggle launches toward her.

You lean back into the rough bark. Idly, you tug at the rope. Quite secure. There might be some way to fry it with magic or cut it on something, but finding the time? You look up, watching them shoot above the canopy. They soon disappear past the leaves above.

It’s only when flashes of blue or green light pour back down that you realize the battle’s begun. You sigh, folding your legs together. You press your wrists into the bark, looking for a sharp angle. Just in case. You scratch a few times, though you don’t feel any effect. Whether or not you shou…

Tiny clicks, hums, and buzzes prick at the corners of your ears. Turning your head, you find bugs perched on every branch of every tree close enough to inspect. All facing you.

Master of insects, right. You lay your wrists back down.

You’re not getting out of here before the fight ends.

Grumbling, you look to the trees, finding no obvious landmarks. Just an endless expanse of thick oak amid a carpet of dirt, roots, and twigs, scattered with an assortment of discarded leaves. More flashes pop through the branches, followed by a stream of bullets bursting through and pummeling the dirt for a moment before it turns course back into the sky above.

Your foot brushes against something. Straining forward, you kick it to its side, finding a busted ring gag with an imprint on an inside strap.

A twig pokes into your crack. You twist, but only manage to get another sitting uncomfortably between your thighs. You push your legs out and lift yourself up, dislodging them. You sit back down on your heels, wiggling them slightly to keep the skirt’s slit from sliding across and exposing your thigh.

It takes a moment, but soon you’re settled back down with your skirt still spread across both legs.

You sigh, catching glimpses of movement above, but still not enough to guess who’s winning.

Groaning, you feel your core. The ‘energy,’ magic or whatever it is, is still there. A little stronger than yesterday, you think. Experimentally, you push it through your arms and legs. It flows easily, turning back to the core when you let it go.

It feels warm, inviting. Almost invigorating. There’s a quiet thrum there, nothing like the shaking that overtook you last night. Why is it that now, after ages of fruitless effort, you find the power rising to your fingertips within what, one day?

I took your sister a couple weeks just to get basic danmaku down. And she learned it fast.

You freeze as leaves rustle behind you. You throw a quick glance up, still catching the pops and flares of magic flung from combatant to combatant.

If they’re up there, then who’s down here?

They rustle again, behind and to your right. You pound your tight-wrapped wrists into the bark, disturbing the bugs. You send them a glare, jerking your gaze to the rustles.

They don’t respond. You throw your gaze over your shoulder, finding nothing. You throw it over the other shoulder. Still nothing.

You groan, sagging.

You catch a glimpse of Youmu through a gap in the canopy, jerking from side to side and floating away from an advancing Wriggle.

Your heart pounds.

Youmu’s not losing. She can’t.

You can’t go back to that sadist.

Someone giggles behind you. You lock up.

“W-Whoever’s there, please listen. I… I’m already claimed. If you touch me, my… the other person will get mad!”

The sounds die down. You arch your back, easing an already tense muscle. You lie back into the bark. Silence.

You swallow.

“Boo!” A young woman drops into your lap. Your mouth flies open, but no sound escapes.

She looks at you, blinking. A thick, red bob-cut frames curious eyes. A set of lean, transparent wings flutter behind a layered dress colored a warm brown.

She’s sitting on your lap and still must look up to see your eyes. Her hands, resting beside her legs, still fit on your lap. She kicks her feet against your hips.

A fairy. The first fairy you remember encountering this week.

Which, in retrospect, frazzles your mind. These forests are lousy with the pests. They frequently joined your attackers that first week. Where were they the past couple days?

Did Kagerou scare them off? How did Shizuha avoid them? Were Mystia or Wriggle involved?

“Hey, you said she’d scream!” You turn back to the fairy, who now looks off to your side. You crane your neck to find another one floating toward you with the weirdest bed-head you’ve ever seen. Her light blue hair’s perfectly smooth, but a mess of leaves sticks out from it.

Not to mention the yellow… horns? The yellow something extending from her scalp. And those yellow butterfly wings are the most ornate you’ve ever seen on a fairy’s back.

She floats across, from your right to your left, staring at you. Then she floats behind you, before returning to your right.

Then she frowns at the other fairy. “She would, if you’d done it right.”

“You just said I had to jump her.”

“You’re supposed to jump her bones.”

“What does that even mean?”

Another couple fairies float from above. One with round, stubby wings, a blue tutu and long purple hair, the other with swooping wings, a green leaf dress, and wild orange hair.

The purple one touches down and scampers over to your left. She pokes your cheek. “Hey guys, who’s she?”

The leaf-head scratches her cheek. “A human, duh.”

The purple one tilts her head. “I know that.” She pinches your cheek. “What kind of human? And why’s she all tied up?”

You glance up, straining to see through the canopy. You find the flashes barely popping above a dense portion of the canopy. Sighing, you look back down.

The orange one prances to your right. “Hey, hey. You’re the girl Eternity talks about, aren’t you?”

The leafy one nods. “What do you think?”

“Hm…” The orange one rubs your arm. “She’s just a human, isn’t she?”

Eternity steps beside your knees and leans down, gripping the edge of your dress’s slit.

You cough. “Excuse me, ladies. I mean girls. Fairies. Could you tell me your names?”

You glare at the insects behind them. A large fly rubs its antennae and buzzes off.

Eternity smiles. “Eternity Larva.” She points at the orange haired one. “Dawn River.” Then the purple one. “Twilight Raven.” Then the redhead. “Hearth Amber.”

You’re not entirely sure what those names mean, but the fairies look proud of them.

Hearth pokes your breast.

You frown. “Stop that.”

She tilts her head. “Why?”

“I don’t like being touched.”

“Why?”

Twilight lifts the slit of your dress and stares underneath. “You’ve got weird underpants.”

You clear your throat. “Please, put that down.”

Dawn slaps her hands down on your thigh. “Hey, Eternity. Do the thing!”

Your eyes whip to Eternity. “What thing?”

Eternity rubs her arm. “Aw, c’mon. It’s embarrassing.”

“What thing?”

Hearth smiles. “You’ll see.” She leaps backward, off your lap.

The three fairies stare Eternity down. “Do it. Do it. Do it.” They chant.

“Ugh, fine.” Eternity steals a glance back to you, then climbs up on your lap.

Your eyes flit between each fairy, before settling down on Eternity’s blushing face. “It’s nothing se-”

She hurls her face forward, crashing into your own.

Pain. You feel nothing but pain as your vision clears. Eternity cradles her own head.

Branches snap above you.

“Oooow.” She wails.

A body crashes into the forest floor beside you, scattering the fairies. Except Eternity, who staggers off your lap, still clutching her head. Then she floats away.

A head of short green hair with rumpled antennae and a black cape. Insects gathering around.

Wriggle lies face down in the dirt.

Youmu touches down beside her, whipping a wakizashi out as she marches around behind you.

Wriggle pulls herself onto her side. She spares only a glance to you before she glowers at Youmu behind you.

“You moved way too fast! You cheated! I demand a do-over.”

“W-what? I’d never cheat! I’m just fast. You should’ve known that.”

“No one’s that fast! You used someone else like last time, didn’t you?”

“No, I didn’t! Besides, she slowed me down!”

Your spine tingles as a blade lunges between your wrists, severing the rope around them. Without the lashing, the ropes fall right off, and you pull your hands back to your lap.

Youmu marches back in front, offering you a hand. You grab the book from behind you and let her pull you up, sighing in relief. She pats down your shoulders, then your sides. Wriggles glares up at you as Youmu pats down your hips and legs.

Youmu straightens up and rests a hand on your shoulder. “Time to depart.”

“Hey, don’t leave me! We’re not done yet! If you leave now, I swear I’ll find you and claim what’s mine!”

Youmu steps away, toward Wriggle. She unsheathes her full sword, lowering it toward Wriggle’s back. Her voice drops an octave. “Just try, insect. I dare you.”

They exchange glares. Then Wriggle slumps, defeated.

Youmu marches back to you, gesturing to the sky. “This way.” She lifts off. You follow.

Once you’re both a ways above the treeline, she breaks out into a silly grin.

“That was so cool. I was awesome back there, wasn’t I?”

Muffled, childish questions and giggles echo from the trees. 

You throw your arms around her, pulling her into a hug. “You were great. Thank you so much.”

“O-oh.” She chuckles, audibly embarrassed. She pushes you back.

Blushing, she gives you a firm nod. “You’re… you’re safe with me.” She clears her throat. “A-anyway, where did you want to go?”

You hold your book up, glancing through its binding. ‘Linking Compendium,’ it says.

“The Scarlet Devil Mansion. I need to return this.”

She swallows. “Very well. Let us depart.” She glances left and right, then swerves behind you and shoots forward. You roll, twisting around to follow.

You soar after her, pushing hard and straining to maintain direction through the crushing wind. A sea of trees, interspersed by thin roads, jets backward behind you.

But Youmu just flies further ahead.

You push yourself further, tilting under the air’s overwhelming weight, but only slow the rate at which Youmu gains on you.

She glances back, slowing on her own.

You relax, regaining control as you catch up. A beaming smile twitches on and off her face as she offers you a hand.

She pulls you close and takes off again. Sprawling forests give way to a wide lake coated in a thin fog. The distant sound of giggles and squeals rings through the air as small, scattered lights dance near the water’s surface.

More fairies. You nudge Youmu. She gives you a quick glance before veering off to the side. She keeps near the shoreline as she flies around, banking slowly toward a great red mansion in the distance.

Small lights rip out from the lake surface, hurtling toward you. In a moment of panic, you kick off away from Youmu, wobbling to avoid it as the next barrage fires. Small, muffles giggles and squeals float through the foggy air as you duck under the oncoming bullets.

Youmu grabs your wrist and rockets forward, soon clearing the mist to find a wide gate made of elaborate, flowing shapes in black iron. You see a manicured courtyard through the gate with trimmed rosebushes flanking a flagstone path.

The shots fade off as you descend. With cool grass under your feet, you glance back to the find a dearth of fairy fire. You turn back to the gate, hoping to see what intimidated them.

A tall, busty woman leans against the wall, her stark red mane descending to her knees with neatly-trimmed bangs blowing across her closed eyes.

You glance back, finding no hint of oncoming bullets. But as you return to the guard, you overhear hushed voices somewhere behind you.

Youmu walks close to the guard as you approach the gate. You poke at it, feeling some give. You push, pressing your body in to overcome the metal’s weight. It swings open without further resistance.

The voices creep closer. You spin around, finding only lapping waves and blurry, grey mist.

You step backward toward the gate. Youmu flicks her gaze to you and steps away from the guard.

You step behind the walls. Youmu moves to follow you.

The gatekeeper snatches her arm. Youmu freezes.

“You’re not invited.”

Her legs twitch. “I- I’m with her. I-I’m her guardian.” The sudden timidity in her voice catches you off guard.

The gatekeeper lets go and reaches her arms out, yawning as she stretches. She turns to face you, smiling. “Orders are orders. She can’t just enter the lady’s grounds.”

Youmu twists to face her, fingering her blades as she lowers her stance. “You mean to bar us entry?”

The gatekeeper waves, returning to Youmu. “No, no, no. She,” she points to you, “can enter. You can’t.”

The gatekeeper drops into a ready stance herself, fist readied.

Youmu grips the handle for her longer sword. “Very well.”

She lunges forward, narrowly missing as the guard leaps aside. Rainbow lights pelt into the ground as you take another couple steps back.

More lights appear over the lake as a new fairy, green-haired with a distinctive sideways ponytail, locks eyes with you from the mist.

Youmu and the guard have now moved away from the gate. Which allows her to just float forward.

You take a few more steps backward. She floats through the open gate.

You pause, holding your breath. She stops.

You slide one foot back. She floats forward.

You turn and leap into the air, hurtling yourself through the air, over orange flagstones, toward the front door.

You veer to the right to avoid a grand fountain, tiny droplets of water splashing you. You slow, twisting yourself around to reorient back left toward the mansion door, and launch forward again. As it approaches, you drop back to the ground, skidding across stone as you latch onto one handle.

Gripping tight, you drag the wide, heavy door back and duck inside. You take one last glance outside to the fairy racing forward. Twisting around the door, you shove it closed once more.

Fumbling at the handle, you find a bolt and shove it through its housing to seal the door shut.

You collapse, resting your tired, sweating body against the heavy oak.

Bright light from tall windows shine on the ground of hallways extending out to your right and left, with a semi-circle of wide, curving staircases up ahead. Despite a pair of tall, arched windows flanking the door behind you, little light reaches the plush red rug before you, which extends into a hallway running underneath the stairs.

Another rug graces the floor of each side hallway, atop a wide floor of black and white, marbled tiles. Tiles polished to a brilliant shine.

You turn around and lean forward, peeking out of the left window. The fairy floats away, wings drooping, as more lights burst and pop outside the walls. You’re safe.

Then small, squeaky whispers float on the air from behind you. You whip around, catching a flutter from the hallway above.

You extend one hand out, your chest warming and thrumming.

A hint of dark purple flashes through the very edge of your vision.

You flick your gaze from the side halls, to the passage under the stairs, to the horizontal hall above them.

A muffled whimper to your left. You lurch around, warming up a shot.

Silence.

You step backward, flicking your gaze back to the upper hall.

Nothing.

You glance back at the window, now angled too severely to see the fight through.

It’s fine. She’ll win and have your back again. In the meantime, you need to…

“You’re the familiar, aren’t you?”

Air wheezes through your throat as force your body to move. Turning around, you find an aqua bowl-cut staring back at you, bangs too long and thick to see her eyes through. She seems rather tall for a fairy, but she’s got the usual gossamer wings.

She tugs at the rumpled sleeves of her French maid outfit. French maids. Was it a fairy that introduced you to that idea, or a youkai in the village?

At the light din of a thousand shuffles, you scan the room again to find numerous heads and wings poking out from the railing and nearby doors. All wearing the same sort of dress.

Not as neatly as the girl before you, though.

You take a deep breath, holding the book close to your chest. “I need to speak with Ms. Patchouli. Do you know where she is?”

A chorus of ‘ooh’s ripples through the crowding fairies.

“She’s in the library!”

“It’s up here and to the left!”

“No. under the stairs and to the right!”

“No, it’s down this hall and through the kitchen!”

A whack.

“That’s not where the kitchen is!”

That last two came from behind the stairs.

The fairy in front of you flicks her head to the peanut gallery above. “Shouldn’t we let, uh, Remi know first?”

“Shh! She’ll punish you if she hears you called her that.” A fairy with a black bun leans over the railing. “Besides, she’ll interrupt our fun.”

Fairies crowd the stairs and the side halls, but you don’t see any under the stairs. Quietly, you shift your feet and warm your core, readying yourself to sprint. If needed.

You clear your throat and put on the heaviest tone you have. “I’m only here for the library.”

Another chorus of ‘ooh’s follow, accompanied by scattered ‘ah’s.

A small body thuds into your back, dropping you to your knees. Then the stampede follows.

You hurl yourself to the side, sprinting for the door. A wall of fairies drops from the stairs, blocking your path. You spin around, finding yourself surrounded. Mixed clusters even hover in the air above you.

Someone pokes your thigh. You whip around, lighting up your hand and aiming it out. Small giggles erupt behind you as the fairies in front exchange glances. A year ago, you knew how to deal with these creatures. They were pushy, obnoxious, and everywhere. But they were also predictable. Kind of.

A fairy always liked sweets and wanted to make mischief. Horny fairies could be stunningly erratic.

A puff of air brushes your neck. You whirl back around.

Someone slaps your ass. You spin around again, firing a heart into the crowd. They dodge, a wave of eagerness rolling through them.

They’re just short of shooting at you now. Normally, that would be fine. Even you dealt with fairy bullets once or twice. But you have nowhere to dodge and no way to take them all out fast enough to clear a path.

There’s a yank on your dress and you feel the back of its skirt fluttering up, then back down over your ass.

There’s a high-pitched, squeaky wolf-whistle, accompanied by what sounds like stunned silence.

Your arms shake.

“That’s enough!” The bowl-cut shouts.

There’s a poke on your wrist. You twist to see the bowl cut pointing under the stairs. “Um, let’s go this-”

You feel a tug on the book. You grip it tight, but a second pair of hands joins in and together they rip it away from you.

“Hey! Give that back!” You turn and run after the offending fairies, only to get cut off by more crowding in front of you.

“What kind of panties are those?”

“Can I get some?”

“Are they weird like that in the front, too?”

The culprits disappear into a front hallway.

“Hey! What did you guys see?”

“Was it funny?”

“Was it hot?”

“It’s just a butth-”

“Enough.”

The fairies freeze. Then scatter. Bowl-cut waits a moment, rubbing her arm across her lips, then chases after them.

You turn to see a stern look on a lithe frame. A French maid dress, like the fairies, but no wings, a shorter skirt, and an almost oppressive air of no nonsense. Choppy, silver hair frames clear blue eyes with a pair of slender braids draped before each ear.

The woman blinks out of existence, reappearing right in front of you. She looks you up and down.

“Naoko Honda, welcome to the Scarlet Devil Mansion.” She offers a curt, shallow bow.

You bow back, a bit deeper.

“This way.” She gestures to the left flight of stairs. You step toward them.

She guides you around and up them, her hand gliding along the banister. “You have business with Lady Patchouli, I believe.”

You sigh. “I did.”

She does not respond to that as you reach the top. Instead, she turns and guides around the wall and down the hall.

In silence, she walks down the hall, passing dozens of doors before she reaches the corner, with the hall continuing to the right. She opens a door, ushering you into a small room with an elegant but slender table framed in silver and surrounded by a deep sofa, curving almost all the way around it.

She gestures toward it and you sit down at the left end. She disappears again, reappearing in the middle of the sofa, sitting to your left.

“We’ll recover the book soon.”

“But what if the thieves run away?”

Her eyes narrow, a thin smile creeping across her chin. “They won’t. Even Evette knows not to interfere with the mistress’s friend.”

“…me?”

She giggles, warm and almost dainty. “I’m afraid not.” She pauses. “The book will be recovered long before it leaves the grounds.”

“That’s it?”

She smiles a soft, kind smile. “That’s it.”

You rub your shoulder. The silk of your gloves feels odd on your bare skin.

“What sort of a person is she, anyway? Patchouli, I mean.”

“She’s a magician. She has a tendency toward tunnel vision and all but obsesses over knowledge. She spends too much of her time reading. Personally,” she leans toward you, lowering her voice, “I suspect she assigned herself that surname.”

“Surname?”

The woman blinks. “Knowledge.”

“Oh.”

“I suggest you visit her soon. We may have the book, but she’s the sort to want things done as soon as possible.”

“I see.”

And just like that, she vanishes again.

You sigh, staring down at your cup of warm tea.

You pause, staring into the liquid’s surface. This… wasn’t here before, was it?

You raise it to your lips, taking a light sip before you set it back down.

Its bitterness reminds you of the tea your father liked to brew. Only Youta ever liked it.

Your breath shakes for a moment.

You lean back, taking in the room. No fairies jostle in or outside, as far as you can tell, and warm sunlight bathes the whole room.

You take another sip, savoring the memory, if not the taste.

You glance outside. No lights flash around the gate or the lake beyond anymore. Either the fight ended, or it moved further away.

“Your companion will arrive soon.”

You startle, spinning back to find the maid standing in the doorway.

She vanishes again.

You’re left gaping and wondering what the hell was going on.

She reappears. “I would suggest you see the mistress soon, as well. She prefers to meddle with the visitors before anything else.”

She disappears. Again.

Bullets go off, echoing through the hallway. Bursts and pops follow. A very distinctive kind of pop.

Fairies are ‘dying.’ Idly, you wonder if they’ll reappear with the aprons still on, or if those need to be replaced each time they return.

Does this place even use the same fairies, or just grab whichever ones wander in or spawn nearby?

Footsteps pound down the hallway toward you until, with a click, the door swings open. Youmu pants, sweating, as she steps inside.

When did the door even close?

You smile. “Welcome back.”

Youmu straightens back up, almost standing at attention before she slides into the sofa in front of you.

She drops her head back, letting out a frustrated groan before looking down at the table. She picks up her own cup of tea.

You have no idea when that one appeared, either.

She takes a long slurp, gulping as she sets it back down.

“I’ve never fought such ill-mannered fairies before.” She sighs, glaring at the cup. “Such tasteless, perverse cretins.”

You chuckle, a moment of genuine mirth and empathy warming your chest. “They’re just the worst, aren’t they?”

“Yea, yea.” Youmu raises her cup. You raise your own and she clinks them together.

You take a sip. A purple glow fills the room. Youmu tilts her head as you squint to keep your eyes from burning.

Then it all turns red. Sharp, stabbing pains race up your arms and down your spine. Your cup flies from your hands as your vision goes dark. Muscles twist and spasm, then freeze.

For a short, black moment, your throat seizes and you find yourself choking.

Then your vision returns and your collapse onto the table, muscles worn out. You blink, looking up into Youmu’s worried eyes. She sits straight up, each arm out and holding a cup. A light stain dirties her vest.

Tea, most likely. Probably from your cup.

“Are you alright?”

You groan, pulling yourself back up. “I’m fine, I’m…”

You look down, glowing red letters run up your arm, under the glove and your dress. Worried, you lean around the table and pull at the slit of your dress. More glowing letters adorn your thigh.

You don’t recognize the script, let alone the language. Something about all of this feels eerily familiar, though you struggle to remember why.

You look to Youmu. She sets the cups down.

There’s a knock on the door. Youmu twists around and stands. She opens the door, revealing the bowl-cut fairy from before.

The tall fairy bows. “Excuse me, but I…”

She stops, staring at your arms. “I can come back later, if this is a bad time.”

Youmu halts her. “What did you come for?”

She rubs her sides. “I talked to the troublemakers and I could get them to give you your book back, if you came with me.”

Youmu glances back.

“But you’d have to come alone!” She turns to Youmu. “You’d just scare them off. Sorry.” 

You wave the fairy off. “I appreciate the offer, but I need to see someone else first.”

She sags, wings drooping. “Okay.”

Dejected, she floats away.

Youmu stands and, straightening her skirt, marches through the door. “Let us see this magician at once.”

“Mistress, actually.”

Youmu’s head tilts. “Mistress?” Her face turns pink. “Oh- oh my. I didn’t realize you were married, much less that…”

You shake your head, your skin heating up. “No, no. The mansion’s mistress.”

“Why would it…” Youmu flinches, then sighs. “Yes, I see.” She clears her throat, turning to give you a quick bow. “My apologies.” She straightens up and turns back. “Let us see her at once.”

You walk up beside her and continue the hall. Her brow furrows, sticking to your left.

“Would she prefer to lounge on the top floor? Or would she, as a vampire, spend her time in the basement?”

A vampire. That’s right, this was Remilia’s estate. And it’s her mage that you’re… bound to?

A door creaks behind you. You glance back just as it slams shut.

You lean down, rubbing your chin. “Remilia, Remilia, Remilia.” You frown. “What was she like?”

“A proud, eccentric maiden. As a noblewoman should be.”

You jump, finding that maid to your right.

“Do you… need us for something?”

She smiles. “I’m afraid you’re going in the wrong direction.”

You stop. Youmu stops a step later.

“This way.”

She gestures back toward the room you left. You glance to Youmu, finding her focused solely on the maid, then shrug and turn around.

You walk back, studying the architecture. Red velvet carpets and marble walls decorated in little more than lit candles. It almost shocks you how much darker these hallways are compared to the entryway.

She indicates an intersection you’d passed, so you turn into it. Oak doors line some of these walls, but little else stands out.

Something tugs on your dress. You whip around just as something thunks into the wall.

“Oh, come on! I just wanna see what they saw!”

You find a fairy with deep blue bushy hair reaching toward you, held to the wall by a knife impaled through her sleeve.

The maid turns her nose and continues down the hall. “This way, Naoko.”

You follow her, shooting nervous glances back. The taller maid holds firm, face impassive. The smaller one sticks her tongue out, sneering.

You walk closer to Youmu this time. Wait… “Did I tell you my name?”

“You did not.”

“Then…”

“The news.”

You shoot the maid a cautious, quizzical glance.

“The mistress read your story this past evening. She then learned of your entanglement with our magician.”

Of course. Those tengu work fast. Or just Aya.

It would be nice if it’s just Aya.

“I’m Sakuya.”

A parade of doors passes as Sakuya turns down another intersection.

“I’m Youmu.”

“Pleased to meet you, Ms. Konpaku.”

Youmu clams up.

“Does Remilia want anything specific from me?”

“I doubt she’s decided on anything yet. I recommend you not linger too long, however. I am, after all, obligated to see through any idea she comes up with.”

“Is there a way to…”

You pause, blinking. These hallways look mostly the same, but you could swear they moved. You turn, finding an elaborate door before you.

“Good luck.”

You whip back to see…

The another, simpler door on a different wall. Spinning around, you find yourself on a balcony, tucked into a nook in the outer walls, with a wide canopy overhead. Well-lit gardens extend out below you, but the walls and roof keep this balcony dark.

A very petite young woman sits at a slender, intricate silver table, sipping from a small cup, opposite you. She wears a frilly pink dress with red lace and a matching cap. The shadowed silhouette of her long, bat-like wings cuts through the sunlit sky behind.

She sets the cup on a matching plate in her left hand. “Please, sit.” She takes another sip.

You step forward, pulling out the seat to your left.

Her wavy, lavender hair rustles in a quiet breeze. One that barely grazes your left side.

You sit down and pull the chair in as Youmu settles in across from you.

“Lady Remilia?”

The young lady looks up, blinking. Even sitting, she’s noticeably shorter than you.

She glances to Youmu first, and then to you.

Her eyes fly open.

“My, my, my, my. Wherever did you get those?”

You glance down just as her hand slides across your glowing shoulder.

“Here, I think.”

She glances up, brows slanted. “Don’t be absurd. Patchy’s work looks nothing like this.”

“‘Patchy?’”

“Then again… who else would write their bindings in such an uncivilized language?”

“You know what it is?”

She gives you a crooked grin. “Why, of course.”

You wait a moment. Still grinning, she folds her hands across her chest.

You groan. “Could you tell me? They’re written all over.”

“Oh, I can see that.”

Another moment of silence.

You shake your head. “Nevermind. Your maids attacked us.”

She waves her hand. “They’re fairies, they always do that.”

You clear your throat. “They also looked up my skirt.”

Youmu nods, frowning. “They insulted my choice of undergarment.”

“Oh?” Remilia turns to Youmu.

Youmu glances back to the door. “It is as I said.”

A silence hangs over the table. Youmu swallows, unwilling to continue.

“They stole a book your magician needs.”

Remilia sighs and snaps her finger. Sakuya appears beside her, leaning down.

As they whisper to each other, you poke at your glove.

Remilia claps her hands and Sakuya disappears.

A burning, dripping heat bursts to life, rising from your crotch. You gasp, tremors racing through your spine. You fall, propping yourself on your elbows as your breath heaves. “Wha- di- did you… d-d…o?”

You swallow. Youmu leaps out of her chair, hand on one hilt.

Remilia scoffs. “What nonsense. Why would I harass a guest? Perhaps you should…” She stares at your bust. “I think someone forgot to wear something.”

You feel the fabric strain against your swollen nipples. Small beads of moisture drip from your slowly parting slit to your chair. You clench your legs together.

“How long do you think it will take?”

You glance up.

“For me to fall under your spell, of course. I’ve heard such exciting stories.” She raises the cup back to her lips. “A werewolf, hooked on the spot? You must be quite potent. But then, the tsukumogami took longer, didn’t she? Perhaps you could stay a few days? You know, just to make certain.”

“Perhaps,” she pokes at one of your protruding nipples, “We could…”

Youmu draws her full sword, pointing it toward Remilia. “Unhand her.”

Remilia frowns. The sword disappears, reappearing in the vampire’s hands. Grabbing it by the flat of the blade, she offers it back.

“Have you ever heard of the magic word?”

You gulp, a wave of need rolling through you as the first drop of sweat trickles down your brow.

Youmu glares, reaching for the offered sword. “I have not.”

Remilia pulls it back. “I suppose not. It’s ‘please.’”

You groan, leaning back and rubbing your thighs together.

Youmu blinks. “I don’t understand.”

Remilia lets out a longsuffering sigh. “It means that if you want something, you should say ‘please’ first.” She grabs your left breast. You hiss at her frustrating touch. “Let’s try this again, shall we?”

Youmu unsheathes the second blade, only for it to vanish as well.

Sakuya appears behind Remilia, draping the stolen sword across her spread palms.

Remilia gives you a squeeze. “Wrong again. What was that word again?”

You drop your hands, sinking your weight into Remilia’s cupped palm as you reach down, rubbing your thighs to keep them off and out of your pussy.

Youmu grinds her teeth. “…Please.”

“Very well.” Remilia lets go of your tit and extends the sword again. Youmu snatches it out of her hand.

You collapse to the table, drool falling from shaking lips.

She then retrieves the smaller one from Sakuya and sheathes both.

You squeeze down on your legs to keep your hands still.

Youmu rushes to your side, pushing your chair out to rub your side.

“Are you alright?”

The heat ebbs, just slightly.

“I-I’m f…fine.”

Your lift your shaking hands to the table, clubbing them across it twice before you find purchase and plant them down to push yourself up.

“Milady, perhaps now would be a good time to wrap your date up.”

Remilia turns to Sakuya, frowning. “Mind your own business.”

“Of course, Milday.” A glance passes between them. Like a shared secret or an inside joke.

Remilia then turns to you.

“Apologies, I’m afraid I may have gotten a little carried away.” Her frown shifts to a faint smile. “So, what do you think of Patchy?”

Your knees buckle. Youmu grabs you, draping one of your arms across her shoulder and heaving you back up.

You wipe drool from your lips. “Like I… said, we’ve b-arely spoken.”

Remilia sets the cup and plate on the table and leans back, stretching. “How sad. If you want to remain bound to her, I could have you set up by nightfall.”

“Why would I want that?”

Her smile breaks into a devious grin. “Isn’t it obvious?”

You swallow, chest shaking. “No?”

She leans back, folding her arms. “Do you already have a master, then?”

“No. I don’t. Why do you keep-”

“And how’s that worked out for you?”

Your hairs prick, skin cooling. “What are you saying?”

She shakes her head, still grinning. “It’s too late, you know. The paper’s been printed. They know what you are. What you can do.”

“I can’t do anything! I just make people attack me.”

“Sakuya, head count.”

“Nine fairies, Milday.”

“Really?” Remilia’s eyes narrow. “You’re quite something, Naoko. Tell me, what could you make those fairies do?”

You take a faltering breath, swallowing again. A familiar, sticky fluid trails down one leg. “What fairies?”

“The one’s of my household you’ve charmed.”

You blink, lips twitching. “I can’t make them do a damn thing.”

“Even if you offered them something… juicy?”

Your hips twitch as Youmu’s grip shifts. The feel of her slender frame against your side makes them quiver. You shake your head, trying to focus. You did persuade Mystia to hold off for a little while. Could you do more, if you were willing to… “I wouldn’t.”

“Oh, you would.” Remilia leans forward, propping herself on her forearm. “Ever been tortured?”

You lean into Youmu, sweating. “What are you saying?”

She groans, pulling back. “I’m saying that the Buddhists, the Taoists, the mountain gods, the major exterminators, even the damn lunarians, all know about you. Now,” she places a hand across her chest, “I’m happy to keep you away from the rack, the stocks, the gibbet, bronze bull, iron maiden, and dunking chair. But the other players?”

She holds her palms up, shaking her head again. “Well, I don’t know what sort of degeneracy you’d been roped into, but it won’t get better while you’re… up for grabs.”

She scoots her chair back and stands up. “Think about it. Patchi, myself, or my sister. I’ll bind you to any one of us if you want. I merely suggest you find a master soon. Before some ambitious bigshot or scoundrel chooses to…”

She twists around the table, lurching forward with hands curled into claws. “Pounce.”

Youmu flinches, her grip shaking. You wince.

Remilia sighs and strides past you, under your shoulder. “Sakuya, see them to… wherever. I’m going to sleep.”

A tingle travels up your gut from your warm, wet crotch. What the hell…?

Patchouli, Remilia, or her sister. That was…

Flandre.

“Don’t mind the mistress overly much. She has a penchant for the dramatic.”

Remilia pauses, halfway through the door. She glances back. “I might even get to ensure you serve someone else, just not for free.” She then leaves, closing the door behind her.

Sakuya clears her throat. “I would recommend that you address your… ‘excitement’ soon. Especially if you wish to avoid the maids’ attentions.”

You glance down, past your own hardened nipples, to find a faint dark spot on your dress. 

You bite your lip. A pit settles in your stomach at exposing yourself like this, but… but you need to, to think straight around, well, this ‘master.’ Focus. You need focus. And you don’t, don’t trust yourself here.

Not alone. Damn fairies.

“Can you h…” you gulp, “help me?”

“I beg your pardon?”

“Just…” You take a breath, gut heaving. “Please, get me off.”

You catch a glimpse of Youmu’s face as she turns scarlet. You wince, praying Yuyuko won’t kill you for this. “I… I can’t think, uh, straight.”

Sakuya maintains a steady, neutral stare. “I’m sure you can handle it yourself. I may provide a quiet room and a set of…”

“No!” You clap your hands over your mouth at your outburst. Thinking fast, if in a million directions, body shaking, you continue. “Please, I… need. I-I need, help. I don’t,” your lip trembles, “I can’t do it… alone. Not here.”

Sakuya’s gaze softens. “Very well.” She snaps her fingers.

The door opens again, revealing a timid fairy with curly blond hair. “Margaret, see Ms. Konpaku here to the library, please.”

The fairy salutes. “Yes, ma’am!”

“Excellent.” Sakuya turns to you, a glint in her eye.

Youmu scrutinizes you and Sakuya as the fairy pushes her inside.

Sakuya steps forward after them, holding the door open for you.

You step through, breathing hard as you cast a smiling glance backward. “Thanks.”

She sighs, responding with a minute shake of her head. She points to a door directly to your right. “In there.”

Nodding, you wrap trembling hands around the knob and open the door. You find a tiny cubby with brooms and mobs stacked into the corners. An empty bucket sits just inside.

In a flash, the brooms, mops, and other tools vanish, replaced by a single, plain stool set against the far wall.

“Sit.”

You glance back again. Sakuya’s face has returned mostly to its familiar neutrality, though with a distinct hint of a smile this time. You turn and sit down, facing her.

She steps inside, turning to close the door behind her. Darkness falls, punging the room into… a deep red. The scarlet light from your body casts a dim glow over Sakuya and the walls behind her.

She looks you up and down, one of her legs positioned between your own, even as her back rests against the door.

“Strip.”

Your eyes jump to hers, widening. Your breath catches.

She sighs, and a gust of wind hits your bare belly.

You look down to find your swollen nipples on display, framed by the slitted bra, and your leaking pussy beneath them with its own lacy outlines. Sakuya holds your dress for only a second before it simply disappears.

Your legs shake, your breath trembles. Sweat coats your skin.

“At least you’ll make this easy for me.”

You find yourself wrapping one silk-sheathed hand around your bust while the other plants itself before your crotch.

She leans in, cupping your cheek. She looks down at your exposed pussy. You blink. Your hands now rest behind your legs.

“I’ll have to clean that up, you know.”

You stare back at Sakuya, questioning.

She slides her hands around your breasts, ignoring your gaze.

“So, this is how a ‘woman’ feels. I’m not sure what to think.”

She rubs them, grinding her hands across their underside, palms sliding up until they grind across your nipples.

She rotates her hands up and squeezes, pinching the token fabric of your ‘bra’ between them as her fingers sink into your flesh.

You shudder. She withdraws her hand from your right breast, sliding it down your bare stomach.

“You know, I’m sure there’re better ways to find a lover than such tawdry undergarments.”

“Not… not my-ulp!”

A finger grazes your hood.

“You really will make this easy for me, won’t you?”

Her eyes narrow, pinching your left nipple between the base of her middle and ring fingers. She drums her fingers over your hood, dragging staccato breaths from your throat.

She presses her hand flat to your mound, sliding it down the outside, deep between your legs.

You let out a whine as she drags it back up to your navel.

She slides it down again, now pressing it into your flesh. Your body trembles, hot and wet.

She drags it back up. You hiss, sweat dripping.

She rubs your mount up and down, pushing, pressing.

You gulp, arms locking to keep yourself upright. Your legs slide apart, exposing yourself to her as fully as you can.

It takes only a raised eyebrow for your head to flick away, unwilling to see what she thinks of your obscene display.

A slender finger slips inside you. Involuntarily, you clench down, squeezing it for all it’s worth.

It’s not enough. Not even close.

Groaning, you thrust your chest out and your crotch forward, even as she pulls out.

You sigh, squirming.

A moist, sticky finger touches your lips.

An unfocused question flits through your mind only a moment before your mouth parts, latching down on her offering. You drink down your own juice from the finger. Your face burns harder, but you can’t take it anymore.

Anything to keep her inside you.

Your lips part, no longer tasting yourself on her finger.

Two fingers now slip inside, dragging a low moan from your throat.

They push in through your clenching cunt, sinking in to their bases.

You moan again, panting as she drags them back out. A strand of drool slides down your chin as your chest pounds.

Again, the fingers graze your lips. Again, you suck them in.

She pushes them from side to side, stretching your cheeks and forcing your tongue to follow. You don’t care. You just drink your juices off and let them go.

“So eager. What would the mistress think if she saw you here?”

You gulp, hissing as her fingers return to part your slit. You spare a glance back to her, finding her face lowered to your crotch, where she’s parted you wide open.

You shut your eyes and bite your lip.

Her fingers slide in once more, three of them twisting through your tight cunt. Your body locks up for just a second, a desperate mix of pleasure and need rolling through you.

She pulls the fingers back. You inhale, shivering.

She thrusts them in, knocking the air from your lungs.

Your legs stretch out as the tremor hits. You lift a hand to your mouth and bite down on your thumb as she finger-fucks you.

You yelp.

Waves of pleasure roll through your quaking body, only to be diminished by an ever-growing sense of raw, overwhelming need.

Sakuya’s fingers now pound you hard enough to hurt, but it’s not enough.

Taking a shaking breath, you open your mouth.

“Har-harder.”

Sakuya pauses, ripping her fingers out.

All but choking on frustration, you glance forward.

She scowls.

A faint, fuzzy sensation spreads through your body. Then something hits you, like a great brick to the gut.

You topple forward, body convulsing. Your body burns in desperate lust, pleasure flickering through it in irregular waves. Sakuya catches you, holding you to her body as saliva drips from your limp lips.

“Finally, you’re done.”

You can’t speak, you can barely move. The growing hunger drowns your mind, overwhelming all other sensations.

The smooth texture of Sakuya’s shirt and the shape of her breasts press into you. Her lithe arms, her firm thighs. The rustic scent of her hair and the sour aroma of her sweaty neck.

More. You need so much more.

Your lips flounder, flailing, trying to form any coherent sound. To express your desire. Your dissatisfaction.

Sakuya holds you, hands wrapped around your waist, casting a faint shadow on the crimson door behind her.

Your hips and pussy ache, sweat drenches your skin and underwear, seeping into your gloves and boots.

Sakuya clicks her tongue. “You’re not done, are you?”

Trembling, you manage a minute shake of your head.

Sighing, she slides a hand down your right side, cupping your ass cheek.

On your left, she slides her fingers back inside your slit, pumping immediately. Slavering down her fingers, your needy cunt clenches hard. But, despite the tingles and the warm, shivering waves that ride up your spine, it’s not enough.

Your body just cries out for more.

She pushes you to the side, pressing to the wall.

She shoves her fingers back inside, thrusting them in and out.

In and out.

In and out.

Your hips quake, your body jerks. Sweat pours, juices drip. Every now and then, spittle escapes through quiet, needy gasps.

She pulls you back, dropping your ass back on the slick, sticky surface of the wooden stool.

You stare back up, stunned, bleary. She glares back down.

She drops her hands behind your hips and leans forward, planting a kiss on your left nipple.

Then bites down, digging her teeth into the tender flesh.

You cry out, more a ragged, halting whimper than a scream.

She pushes all five fingers inside, twisting them through your sopping slit.

They’re back outside in an instant, leaving your aching pussy.

Another wave of desire ripples through you, drowning out any pleasure she would have bestowed.

The hand jerks to one side as another wave hits.

Then another. You moan, loud and hungry, as the next hits.

Then all goes black.

The desire, the soreness, those remain. And yet your mind clears, however slightly.

A small, red light ignites in the darkness, growing into a humanoid shape before you.

A naked, feminine shape.

It resolves into a woman, with dark, shoulder-length hair and an average bust. About your height, about your shape.

Wearing your face. Except with a pair of irises that glow bright red.

“For the wolf, you were just a scapegoat, weren’t you?” She even uses your voice.

You lick your lips, still shivering. “What are you?”

“And the umbrella, she had eyes only for your ass.” The figure steps forward, breathing down your face.

“The bug queen just needed a slave. The bird couldn’t keep it her pants for more than a minute.”

You clear your throat. “What do you want?”

“The other bird, she was no better. The goddess, like all the rest, was pitifully weak.”

The woman lifts her left leg over your lap, then the right. Straddling you, she runs her fingers over your breasts. “You want release, don’t you?”

“What are you-”

She presses her lips to yours. Images flash through your head of that night. Of Ko… ko… of that beast. And moreso, of Ayame. Of how close she’d come to…

The woman wearing your skin pulls back, licking her lips.

“You want to cum, but her touch, now ignited, won’t let you.”

“What touch?”

“The one you wear, dummy. If you want to think straight ever again, I’m afraid you’ll need to return to your true master. Not these weak, spineless wannabes.”

“I don’t need a master.”

“Of course, you don’t. You already have one. And she misses you.”

“I don’t have one either.”

“Tell yourself that, if you must,” she hops back off, giving your bare pussy a playful smack, “but come back to her before you go insane.”

You just stare, baffled.

She slides a hand behind your head, pulling you in. She presses her lips to yours once more, rolling her head from side to side before she pulls back again.

“Don’t worry. She’ll make it all right again. Before you know it, you’ll find ecstasy at her feet.”

She evaporates into shadow, bringing the room back to its familiar dull red. The dull red of your much brighter markings.

Your body aches and shivers. It burns in a painful mix of need and exhaustion.

Sakuya looks over you, frowning. “I ought to just take you to Patchouli.”

Something bothers you about the vision, something missing. Precisely what, your mind’s too fried to interpret. 

You wait a moment, pressing your shaking hands to your thighs. The heat of your skin and the quaking of your body drag on, ebbing too slow to think.

Not trusting your vocal chords, you simply nod.

“Very well.” Sakuya leans against the door, slipping her index and middle fingers between her lips.

You’re still too warm, but you find your motor control incrementally improved. Small tremors still plague your limbs, core, and lungs. Your pussy still aches, its emptiness gnawing at your mind.

Why hasn’t Sakuya moved yet? Why haven’t you?

Sakuya twists the fingers in her mouth, savoring them. She pops them out, moving on to lick her ring finger, then her pinky. The sight only flares the dripping heat inside you.

She drags her tongue out as she brings her thumb to it, bringing a cramped, eager tingle to your body.

A half-formed question tumbles from your lips. “How do I taste?”

You snap your mouth shut the moment those words escape, yet you steal furtive glances toward Sakuya’s cool gaze, hopeful.

She shakes her head. “Dif-”

“That sounded strange. I just… I mean…” Why did you ask that question?

Sakuya sighs and stares at you. “Salty. That was the taste.”

Your eyes drop to your knees and the glowing red marks plastered across your skin. You hiss, rolling your butt on your wooden stool.

You glance back up. “Say, you didn’t see anyone else here, did you?”

“I’m afraid not.”

“I see.” You wince and place your hands on your knees, pushing your breasts between your arms. “She said I had a ‘master.’”

“That would be Ms. Knowledge.”

You open your eyes. Sakuya holds a towel between her hands.

You shiver. “This master wanted me back. I don’t think she…”

Sakuya pulls you up. Your knees shake but manage to support your weight. The sweat disappears from your skin, alongside Sakuya’s towel.

You flash her an awkward smile. “Thank you. Could you point me to my dress before-” 

“-you send me…” you glance around, finding towering bookshelves at every side, “…here.”

Sakuya’s gone. In front of you, you find a table with two stacks of books on either side and a giant tome lying open in the center. Behind it, a woman in a pale nightdress stares you down, her eyes wide and her face scarlet.

Dark purple hair descends from a poofy cap with a shining crescent.

She drags to book to her face. “Make yourself decent, please.”

You cross your legs as your arms fly to cover yourself, your left arm across your nipples and your right hand planted firm between your thighs. Face burning, you crouch down. “I would if I could.”

A tense, quiet moment passes. You speak up.

“Perhaps you have a dress I could borrow?”

You peek up at her. She lowers the book. “No.”

She frowns, stern but not angry, still reading her book. Whatever title it has, it’s not Japanese. Her gaze makes your nipples hard.

With a thump, she drops the book on her desk and leans over it, narrowing her eyes.

You catch a short, subtle jiggle in her chest as she does so.

“Stand up.”

You raise yourself back up on shaking knees, arms still pressed to your bare skin.

She curls her finger, beckoning you toward her.

You take three steps forward. She barely leans back as you stop, your legs a hair’s breadth from touching the desk.

You swallow excess saliva down your throat. You can’t help but notice the faint hints at this woman’s figure that her dress offers.

The gentle, flowing folds hide most of her physique, but the gentle curve of her shoulders, her hips, and her full, hefty breasts beckon you.

Her lips, too. They…

“German.” She mutters, groaning. “Why?”

The palm across your crotch grows moist.

“What’s German?”

She clears her audibly wet throat. “A language from western Europe.” She squints at your belly.

“Where is Europe? Is it a country?”

She blinks. “Not an outsider, are you?”

You’d scratch your cheek if your hands weren’t so damn busy. Your thighs twitch.

“My family here goes as far back as anyone remembers. That’s not a problem, is it?”

She drums a hand on the desk. “An inconvenience, but it simplifies other things.” She glances at the stack of books to your right. “It’s a continent to the north and the far, far west. It’s where I come from.”

“Did the Europeans write these things? Did they put this spell on me?”

“Don’t know. I was never the social type.” She frowns. “Why?”

“I saw a vision.” You pause, debating how much you dare to share. “Someone thinks I have a master, who I need to see.”

She massages her throat. “Another master? That might explain the interference.”

“Interference?”

Patchouli flicks her fingers.

You see a violet flash, a split-second before it burns red. Your body freezes, limbs locking together.

Then you’re released, staggering a step back and dropping to your knees. You let go of your breasts to grab the edge of the desk.

“The enchantment did that. But why?”

You get yourself back on your feet and plant your arm once more across your nipples. Patchouli’s lips look delicious.

“Naoko. When did you get it?”

“Just an hour or so ago. When the purple flash…”

“The summoning. It must have been there before. Dormant. To what end…” Patchouli leans back. “We need to remove it. As to how…” she glances at your arms. The ones filled with nothing but your virtually naked flesh.

You frown. “I lost the book to the maids. Sorry.”

She narrows one eye, only for a cough to interrupt her gaze. “Remilia will hear about this.”

“She already has.”

“She’ll hear about it again. Not that it matters.” Patchouli leans forward, rubbing her forehead. “This interferes with our connection. I can’t sever it until those words vanish.”

Patchouli snaps her fingers. “I’ll break it.”

“What about the master?”

“What about him?”

“I need to know who it is.”

Patchouli waves her hand. The top five books rise into the air from the stack to your left. Patchouli pulls the one beneath them out, then they fall back down. Patchouli slams it down atop the one she had out before, then pulls it open. “Fine, I’ll see what I can glean from its construction.” She scans through it, flipping pages. “Circles, circles, circles. Summoning. Cursing. Enslaving-”

“Enslaving?” Your spine tingles, your body shakes.

“Not applicable. No, no, not that one. There.”

“Did someone call me?”

A tall, lanky woman floats in from the left, long and straight red hair flowing behind her. Small bat wings flutter on her back and the crown of her head. She takes one look at you and zips forward.

You turn to face her, staggering backward as she approaches. Her pouting lips slip into a grin. “Oh, how could you, Patchi? How could you hide such a fun-”

“Quiet, Koa.”

“Oh, how cruel~”

“I said quiet. We’re making a circle.”

­“Ooh… are we binding her?”

Patchouli coughs, trying to stare Koa down even as she does so. “She’s,” she clears her throat again, “the familiar. Get behind her. Now.”

Koa floats away again, showing you a cute butt in a tight skirt as she twists around. Your hands grow heavy, still clinging to your precious privates.

Koa’s footsteps tap across the wood behind you. “Don’t move now. I’d hate to make a mess.”

You smile, nervous, glancing to Patchouli. She nods.

Koa claps her hands.

“All yours, master.”

Patchouli sighs and lifts a hand. The ground beneath you glows a deep blue. “Earth, Moon.”

Koa whispers into your ears. “Nice ass, by the way.”

You lift just off the ground. A mystic force tugs at your arms, prying them away from your skin.

You resist, clinging to your breasts and your crotch, but the magic soon overpowers you and drags them up, baring you before Patchouli.

Footsteps pound their way toward you.

“Wretched maids! I’ll slice them when-”

Youmu stammers, incoherent, somewhere to your right.

A tiny, choked whine slips from your lungs. “Close your eyes!”

“Yes, of course!”

Koa smiles.

You strain your head, finding Youmu’s hands clasped tight over her eyes.

“I witnessed nothing of your precious hood or pubic hairs, Ms. Naoko. Nor do I have any thought as to the color or texture of your areola. Or how hard your nipples may or may not be.”

“Thank… you?”

“Think nothing of it.”

Koa snickers. “They’re pink, by the way.”

An electrical jolt runs down your spine, burning red into the room around you and sending spasms through your chest and stomach.

The red fades as another jolt runs back up. Your throat catches.

The red returns, but only for second before it vanishes.

“Interesting.”

“What are you doing?”

“Testing. Oh?” She stares at you. “Speak.”

Your head tingles. “What slut I s…” You flex your hands, working your jaw. “Again? Whore’d you do?”

Youmu gasps. “Ms. Naoko! How could you-”

“Not her.”

Youmu turns to Patchouli.

“A side-effect of the enchantment. Dormant, like…”

The tingling fades. Then a it feels as if you catch fire, a blistering heat erupting from your heart to sear your skin and scorch your bones. You part your lips to scream, but no sound escapes.

Beneath the smothering heat, your gut pounds out a steady beat of warm, wet desire.

You cough and sputter, legs shaking. Your heart pounds. Drool drips from your filling mouth, casting trails against your naked bust and belly.

You swallow, trying to keep it in. Your pussy moistens.

Searing heat radiates from your skin, choking your gut and pounding through your head.

“H-he…” “el…” “ll…” You gasp between each failed attempt.

Then the heat fades and the choking pressure dissipates. You swallow the last of the excess spit, panting.

Your pussy still aches for attention.

Then the heat returns, blossoming from your chest. Red lights stain the library as your muscles lock and your eyes open. Tingles race up and down your spine. Your arms twist, your lungs burn. Your pussy clenches.

Your muscles flex.

Then it all goes black.

You find yourself lying on hard, polished wood, your arms sprawled out before you. Youmu’s feet stand before you.

Red light fades off the bookshelves in the distance. Your whole body aches.

“Naoko Honda. Human farmer. Power: Sufficient to appeal to Youkai.”

“Huh, wha…” You shut your mouth to ease a dry, rasping throat.

“Oh, that? She just read your tits.”

“I read her chest, Koa.” You hear Patchouli cough above you. “These symbols describe you, it seems. Your capabilities, demeanor, and habitat. All in German, except your tongue.”

You lick your lips and stick your tongue out, trying to see it.

“It’s a hieroglyph.”

“Hieroglyph?”

“Ancient Egyptian writing.”

You groan, bringing your aching arms to your aching stomach. “Egyptian?”

“It’s south of Europe. These two languages don’t belong together.”

“Hey, master, look at this!”

“Hmm?” Patchouli steps around you. Her eyes widen. “What? No!”

You look up to find her crouched over you.

“What is it?”

You glance down your body to find the words fading.

“Koa, hold her down.”

“On it, master.”

A pair of hands presses into your exposed side.

A sharp, stinging sensations hits your sternum, then fades away.

You lie there, silence falling over the library.

Patchouli grumbles. “How did this happen?”

The hands ease off you. “That’s awfully sensitive of it, isn’t it?”

Someone steps away from you. “The enchantment’s buried itself deeper. It could’ve signaled the enchanter, too.”

“Let him come. I’ll cut him in two.”

“Hold your blade.” Pachouli rasps. “I need him to release the spell first. You lot may decide what to do with him afterward.

Your throat aches but you push it open again. “Please, don’t let her take me.” Something about this all feels familiar. Disgustingly familiar.

Either way, given your track record, this won’t be a man.

You angle your head upward, finding the barest hint at Youmu’s choice of underwear. A soft mint color. You could surely lubricate your sore throat with her juices, couldn’t you?

“Fight him if you must, just wait ‘till the enchantment’s off. And keep it outside the library.”

“Surely you mean outside the estate, Ms. Knowledge. The lady’s asleep, after all.”

Sakuya. She’s somewhere behind you. How would she taste? Your pussy tingles, remembering her touch.

“You’re the chief, shouldn’t you wake her for events like these?”

“Interrupt her beauty sleep? How could I possibly do that?”

“Do you want to please her or not?”

“Of course, it’s what I live for. What would please her most is a good day’s sleep.”

Patchouli grunts.

Another pair of feet pounds toward you, accompanied by the wild clamor of small bells.

“Help, help! Where’s Remilia?”

“Asleep, Ms. Motoori. What’s the matter?”

“It’s Akyuu. Help,” she gasps, sucking air, “she’s, she’s…”

“Take your time, young lady.”

“She’s not possessed anymore!”

The Book. The Black Book. Shizuha.

You wheeze. “Thank goodness.”

“No! Not good! She got possessed on purpose! Now the book’s loose again!”

“Please, Ms. Motoori, calm down.”

Youmu’s feet shift. “A book, is it? What are its intentions?”

Kosuzu stutters, then clears her throat. “Ms. Naoko. It wants to fuck her.”

You lean back to see Youmu’s hands pressed to her ears.

Patchouli coughs. “Let it come, then. I must see what’s written in it.”

Sakuya sighs. “Careful, Ms. Knowledge. It may be too powerful for you.”

“Then vanquish it yourself and bring it to me.”

Youmu leans down. “Can you stand, Ms. Naoko?”

You turn onto your belly, a heat and desire throbbing inside you. You try to push yourself up, arms shaking.

After several painstaking minutes, you pull yourself onto your knees. “I… think so.”

Youmu steps back. “Let me slice your hesitation away.” 

You raise your hand in a halting gesture.

“Wait.” You take a breath, focus waning. “If you can slice hesitation,” whatever that means, “could you slice my lust instead?”

Her hand squeezes around a cord-bound hilt. “I’m certain I can.”

A hint of mint and musk wafts to your nose.

“Then, please…” damn, she smells so good, “do it.”

She answers with a curt, confidant nod. “Face me.”

You turn to her, staring at her cute green shoes.

“Um, uh…”

You glance up. Face burning red, she glances away.

“I, I… I mean, to cleanse that, I need, you need…” Her voice fades into barely-audible mumbling. You can’t pick out a single word.

“I need what?”

She yelps. “I! I need. You. I need you to, to, to…” She swallows. “Place your hands down. Behind your back!”

Each word grows increasingly shrill.

Still shivering, you slide your hands back, leaning away from her. You take one glance down your lacy pussy-framer and clamp your legs together.

Youmu glances to you, then jerks back away. “And I need… I need, I, your legs. They need to be…”

“Apart?”

You both glance to your left. Koa stands there, smiling and blinking.

Youmu nods.

Swallowing your own trepidation, you spread them, baring your pussy to Youmu.

Oh heavens. Yuyuko will kill you for this, won’t she?

“Yes. That is fine. Perfect. Hold still.”

You close your eyes and hold your shaking legs out as Youmu’s feet shift. A rustle sounds, followed by a cold blade slashing through… you.

Not your stomach or limbs. Certainly not your flesh or bones. Just you.

It stings but doesn’t hur…

The slice rips through your heart and mind, purifying your desires.

Purifying them into a single, overriding, undeniable impulse.

Your eyes open slowly, in perhaps your last lucid moment. Youmu looks down on you, her lips pouted and eyes narrowed in a critical, studying gaze.

Koa gives you a gentler, milder gaze.

You lean forward, taking a deep, hungry breath.

You’re not quite certain what it is that pushes you to your first target. Perhaps it’s the way her face shifts as you face her. Maybe it’s the smell of her skin or the way her skirt swishes before your face.

Either way, you take one last sniff, savoring Youmu’s fragrance as you clap your hands under her skirt. Lifting it, you place your hungry lips to her plain mint panties.

“Ms. Naoko, what are you doing?”

A vague worry ignites deep inside, only to be drowned under your pounding lust.

A heavy, earthy aroma fills your nose, providing a…

You slide your hands up and yank her panties down, shoving your tongue around them and inside her as you do so.

She tastes heavenly.

“What are you two doing in my library!”

You ignore the sorceress’s voice as you taste Youmu’s sweet, salty pussy.

Youmu staggers back as you bury your nose in her crotch. She whimpers as you plump the depths of her delicious cunt. And as your right hand slides down your stomach.

“Don’t just stand there. Stop them!”

“Yes, Ma’am!” Koa taps your shoulder.

You pump your tongue and-

She plants her hands on your shoulders and hauls you back, tearing Youmu’s pussy away from you.

“I’ll find you two a bedroom and…”

Youmu clenches her skirt. “No, not yet. I’m not ready!”

Her panicked voice puzzles you, though you’re not sure why.

You twist out of Koa’s grip and latch back to Youmu’s sweet, soft thighs. Your lips part as you lick the nectar from her mound. Youmu plants her hands on your head, pressing down in a vain effort to dislodge you.

She’s strong, but not near as strong as you. You plunge back inside her once more, immersing yourself in her overwhelming taste.

A pair of arms wrap around your gut and, overpowering you, haul you back. You reach out, extending yourself toward Youmu’s legs even as Koa pulls you away.

Youmu stares down on you, panties around her shaking knees. She closes her eyes, taking in slow, steady breaths.

A glimmering trickle winds down her right thigh, out of reach.

Then she speaks. “Keep her still.”

Your muscles burn, but you still reach forward.

Youmu fingers the hilt of her smaller blade. “Hakurouken, guide my hand.” She inhales. “Properly, this time.”

One eye opens. “I’m sorry, Naoko.”

A brilliant, white light shines and vanishes. Another discordant wave ripples through you. A wake of utter calm fallows, coursing up from your pussy.

Then chaos. A choking pressure builds inside you, then hurls you back. The shock jostles Koa off and away. One of your feet twists on the floor, spinning you around. Hard panels rush to meet you before a mass of black rushes between you and them.

Your face crashes into Koa’s tight, firm breasts. Dazed, you glance through her soft, rolling hills to a wincing smile framed by disheveled red hair. The calm evaporates, replaced once more with raw, carnal energy.

Your burning, overwhelming lust returns, scattering your thoughts.

Something’s different, though.

Then you feel it. Your throat catches as a desperate, wild warmth fills you.

You roll to your back and wrap your arms around yourself, breathing unsteady, as it rises.

You close your eyes only a moment before the dam breaks.

It starts in with a blazing, tight heat where Youmu’s calming wave began. Your pussy.

It spreads, burning away the moment of need with warm pleasure. Your body lurches as a bolt of blinding satisfaction shoots down your spine.

You cry out, body curling under the weight of devastating ecstasy. Gasping, sputtering, you fight to stay conscious. To experience every bit of pleasure. To squeeze this moment for everything it has to offer.

Your legs stretch out and your back arches. You moan, low, sultry, and satisfied.

Your hips quake, your arms shake. Your sweat and juices seep into cloth beneath.

Then, pleasure fading, you roll off onto the smooth wood. Collapsing onto your side, you lie there. Koa stares back at you, wide-eyed and slack jawed.

Wearing a vest and skirt much darker in the front than the sides.

Up above, a naked woman with shoulder-length hair and an ass smothered in glowing red words wrestles with Youmu, pressing their faces close.

It looks important, but your head swims through a buoyant sea of carnal bliss. Patchouli scowls.

That’s fine. You’ll deal with that later.

You let out a long, content sigh.

Youmu squeals. “Demon, magician. Help me!”

You glance back up. Youmu has a hand over her partner’s face and another on the woman’s shoulder. She struggles to push the strange, familiar woman back. A short chuckle escapes your lips.

How weak must the glowy girl be to lose against…

Youmu. A trained warrior. A servant of Yuyuko herself.

Should you really have overpowered her so easily? Did she send you a novice?

Your unfocused eyes study the foggy, distant ceiling.

Boots scrape across wood, calling your attention. You lean up, over your lace-framed nipples. Koa pulls the woman back, away from Youmu. She grunts, straining to hold the woman back.

“I don’t know what’s going on, but you guys need to talk these things out.”

The woman throws her gaze back your way.

It’s you. You’re the one staring back at you.

Again.

And those damn red markings carpet her skin.

You glance back over your own body. Nothing. Either they’re gone or completely invisible now.

The woman flails her arms around.

“Hold her still.”

“I’m trying.”

“Try harder!”

“I don’t know how!”

“Do-”

A stray hand strikes Youmu’s left breast.

Youmu steps back. “Do something.”

Koa lets the woman go. The woman lurches forward just as Koa grabs her waist and spins her around.

She presses their faces together, giving the woman pause.

Youmu strikes them both in a downward slash of her short blade.

Koa staggers backward, letting the woman go.

The woman gasps, then grabs at Koa’s vest, pulling her close. Then lets go, stumbling back. She glows a bright red.

Then she disintegrates.

A heavy tome thumps down.

“What absurdity was that?”

Light-headed, you glance to the table. You see the edge of a closed book over the lip.

Groaning, you roll onto your front and try to haul yourself up.

You give up a moment later. You’re exhausted, your legs wouldn’t carry a grain of rice, and you’re still a little tingly.

“Here, let me help.”

Koa rushes to your side and drops to her knees. Slinging your right arm across her shoulder and grabbing your hip, she hauls you upright.

Patchouli frowns, staring deep into your eyes.

“You conjured a clone?”

You offer only a sheepish grin in return. “I did?”

She scowls. “In fact…” she sniffles, “you created,” she rubs her nose.

“Ha-chlurph!” She sneezes, which transforms into a cough halfway through.

She clears her throat and raises a finger, only for another cough to interrupt it. You glance away to find Youmu staring down, holding an arm. The panties still dangle from her knees.

Koa glances between the two of you, then nudges you toward the desk and lets go.

Your hands land on the giant book and, by the combined effort of all four limbs, you hold yourself up as Koa rushes to Youmu’s side.

Youmu. The girl you just assaulted. You just did what they do. The youkai.

Why?

Does this make you a monster? Or just another beast?

Surely not just a victim of some greater power again.

Why? Sure, you needed something. You may even have been desperate. But to go that far? You shake your head.

“As I said, A mirror image of you. With physical form. I’d like to know…”

You turn to Youmu. She stares back, mouth and eyes flat. Your lips part, but you can’t find a word to say.

She bows, then turns and shuffles away.

“Wait! It’s not…”

And she’s gone. Koa glances between the two of you, visibly lost.

You sigh. You’re alone again.

“Koa, what do you smell?”

Koa stops, closing her eyes and lifting her nose. She opens them, looking to Patchouli.

“Beside the sex?”

“Yes, idiot.”

“Hey, that hurts.” Koa pouts. “A loose spell, why?”

Patchouli stares back at her, flat. “The human.”

“Hm?” Koa stares at you. “Oh, it’s gone, isn’t it?”

“Yes, the enchantment’s gone.”

You look between them, settling on Patchouli. “It is? I’m free?”

Patchouli sighs. “From it, not me.”

“That means I’m still…”

“Draining my mana? Yes. But the barrier’s gone, so I need only the index now.”

“But…” She looks down, running a finger across the cover of the book you rest on. “We need not terminate it yet.”

You shrink back. “Why?”

She gives you a wry smile. “Do you seek powerlessness?”

You blink.

She sighs. “I know your magic. Almost all is mine. Without the contract, you lose that.” She drums her fingers. “Not that it bothers me, if it aids my research.”

Vague memories of your first encounter surface. “The one you needed the magic for?”

“I said that. But it’s more complicated.” She turns to the side. “Koa, hold her.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

Koa returns to your side and slings your arm across her shoulder once more, pulling you up and off the book.

Patchouli opens it back up. “I’m an elementalist. The best still living.” She glances up. “A tragedy.”

She flips the page. You have no idea what the words or the diagrams mean.

“I intend to create a prism. One capable of assimilating all seven days at once to create spells the world has never seen. At present, I have only mastered dualities.”

“She can make a Philosopher’s Stone, but it’s not very good.”

“It’s imperfect. I need an elemental glue to refine it.”

Elementalist? Days? Dualities? Philosopher’s stone?

You clear your throat. “There’s a way I can help?”

“Possibly. Trinities require hostile elements. Additional hands may…”

“Oh, hey. About your girlfriend…”

You wheeze. “What?”

“Are you gonna make up to her?”

You look down. “Would it make a difference, after what I did?”

“You’ve got nothing to lose by trying. She seemed so sweet.”

“She’s not my-she’s my guardian.”

“Meaning?”

You sigh and, testing your legs, pull yourself off her. They wobble slightly, but they carry your weight now.

“We’re not dating. It’s a long story, but I needed protection.”

On your own two feet again, you once more run an arm across your bust and cup your exposed pussy.

“Oooh… Your knight in shining armor. Then you definitely have to make it up to her.”

Patchouli rasps. “Koa.”

“Just apologize really hard, I’m sure-”

“Koa.”

“I can even go and talk-”

“Koa!”

She jerks to attention. “Yes, master?”

“We have a project to plan, and-”

You feel the rustle of cloth under your hands and, glancing down your body, find your dress once more draped over your chest. Sakuya stands between you and Koa.

“Pardon me, the-”

A door slams to your left.

“The creature has overpowered Meiling. It seeks entrance.”

Patchouli exchanges glances with Koa.

“Lady Honda, as it desires you, might I recommend you retreat to the mistress’s quarters?”

“The mistress? Didn’t you say she shouldn’t be bothered?”

“Not that one. The young mistress.”

“The young mistress?”

There were two? If the normal one’s Remilia, then the younger…

Koa gasps. “You’d send her to Lady Flandre? After the poor girl’s tragic rejection?”

Sakuya frowns, eyes steeled. “Her domain’s well-fortified and I’m certain the young mistress would appreciate some distraction.”

Flandre? Hell no. No way…

The door slams again.

You glance to it, remembering the black tentacles and the abuse Shizuha’s suffered. 

You take a step back, thinking. Youmu left in the direction of…

You turn around, away from the thumping door. Surrounded by bookshelves, you glance to the gap that Youmu fled through.

Sakuya sighs. “Excuse me, Ms. Honda? Do you intend to leave?”

“I need Youmu.”

“We can gather her once the intruder’s gone. Please, I must recommend you wait in the basement.”

You glance back. The door thumps.

“I’ll be quick.”

Sakuya sighs. “Very well. Then I shall escort you.”

Patchouli and Koa exchange glances again, eyes narrowed. Patchouli clears her throat. Or coughs. It’s gotten hard to tell.

“Sakuya. Stay here.”

“Lady Patchouli, I assure you I can address both our visitor and the intruder at once.”

The door slams again.

“After the damn book’s on my shelves.”

Sakuya twitches, biting her lip. “Very well, Lady Patchouli.”

The door slams. All three turn to face it. Patchouli mutters strange syllables. Koa puts her fists up. Sakuya pulls out a knife, blood red eyes steeled for the coming fight.

You turn back toward the route Youmu went and leap forward. Sprinting across red velvet, between towering bookcases, you turn through a corner to find a door. In one swift motion, you throw it open and bound back to the scarlet halls.

Slate-gray stairs trail upward, flanked by deep red walls with lit candles hanging from them at even intervals. You jog up them, soon reaching a red marble landing as the stairs turn to the right, a smooth oak door in the landing’s outside wall.

You hear voices from above, floating toward you.

“Where is she?”

“Lizzy said she’d be in the library.”

Fairies. You take a breath and glance around. Just red walls, stairs, and the door.

Between Patchouli, Koakuma, and Sakuya, the book should be doomed. But you don’t want to stick around to find out. Certainly not without at least one skilled fighter at your side.

“What’s so great about it, anyway?”

“About what?”

“Her butthole.”

You freeze. They’re talking about you. Without thinking, you leap for the door and swing it open, throwing yourself inside. You close the door behind you, plunging a rack of small, frilly dresses into shadow.

“Think about it, Evette. Her panties showed it off. You don’t do that if you’ve got a boring butt.”

“What if she just thinks it’s great. You know, like the mistress’s taste in booze?”

“Ugh. Don’t let her or the head maid hear you say that.” A pause. “Lizzie swears it’s awesome. Besides, she also says this girl shows the other side, too.”

The voices grow closer. You close your eyes, listening and praying they turn around.

Moments pass as something shifts around the corners of your mind. Creeping, inky sensations, curling and ebbing out from a dozen points around. Some far away, some closer, one floating through the hallway just above. Masses of raw, putrid lust.

A faint, almost invisible speck stops behind the door you press your back to, on the landing. A writhing mass shifts further out, roughly around the library. A host of small spots move and shift throughout the building. Another, more moderate mass moves, far from the library.

The book, the fairies. Who else did you infect? The gatekeeper? The vampire?

Despite the blackness, you clench your eyes as the doorknob turns. Panic rising, you try to suck your power in, holding it tight to the core of your being.

A muffled explosion sounds from the library.

The doorknob eases. The spot flees away, back down the hall.

You breathe out, still holding that power close.

Once the spot moves down another direction, you ease the door open. Candlelight returns to your eyes, drowning out the spots and masses.

Still holding that power tight, you creep forward, turning to continue up the stairs. They end at the middle of a long hallway. Gray stone gives way to more red velvet carpets atop dark granite, below vaulted wood ceilings. Leaning around the right corner, you find doors and candles running down each wall. One fairy floats out of an opened door. Shutting it, she glides away, down the hall.

Glancing back, down the other side, you find more doors and more candles, with two fairies also floating away. You step down the right hall. You pass by door after door, until you find a hall branching off from the left.

“So, you escaped, right?”

You plant yourself by the nearest door, just by the left hall.

“Yeah, she was crazy!”

“Okay, but what did you learn?”

A childish giggle blatantly intended to come off as ladylike.

“Much better than the mint girl.”

Mint girl?

“But what did they look like?”

“Dark red.”

They float closer.

“That’s it?”

“With shiny gold patterns.”

“Ooooh.”

They slide right around the corner, eyes focused on each other. Two fairy maids with pastel-colored hair.

“In really fancy, leafy shapes.”

“Ooooh.”

A pause. Your heart pounds. Could you take them?

Would you attract the rest if you did? You keep a tight hold on your power.

…Have they not noticed you?

Their eyes slide right off you as they float past.

A shaky sigh of relief wheezes from your lungs as your eyes blink in happy disbelief.

“And you’re sure these were her panties? Not her dress?”

Your heart stops.

“Psssh. Her dress was just some boring fading color. None of the fancy stuff.”

“Show me! Show me!”

Fading color? You peel yourself off the door and move to step past, turning toward the left hall.

“Hey, did you see something?”

You pause.

“Hey, who’s that?”

Your grip slips. The power follows, sputtering, then spraying out from you. A silence settles on the hall.

A fairy squeals. “It’s her! Let’s play!”

You whirl around to find the fairies lunging toward you.

You respond by conjuring a handful of hearts and flinging them forward.

They connect with one fairy, staggering her.

The fairies conjure balls of red light. You respond with another volley.

A matching ball whizzes by your head, from behind.

You glance back, further down the hall to find three more fairies coming your way.

You blast another volley at your first foes, popping the first fairy and staggering the second.

You turn and dash down the side hall, only to find yet another fairy coming your way.

She leaps toward your chest.

“Boobies!”

You slam a line of hearts into her gut, popping her. Spinning back around, you find a field of bright red bullets headed your way.

You ready and release a small cloud of hearts now, hurling it their way.

They dodge. You hop backward between their bullets as you fire your next round.

The bullets whiz by, one clipping your thigh.

You fire again, popping one of the four maids. Three left. You fire another wave, popping one more. Two left.

Your muscles start to groan as you leap over a low bullet. You fire again. You stagger both, but neither pops. More bullets come, one line down the center, one near the right wall. You press yourself to the left, then fire again.

It connects with both, popping them.

You stop, breathing heavy. The hallway ends in another two-way intersection about a pace behind you. You stare, stunned, at the empty hallway before you.

Three, two, one… Six? Six fairies. That you fought and beat, all at the same time. A quiet, disbelieving giggle escapes your lips, praying you can get by without fighting more.

…Once you find the purple book, that’s going away. Isn’t it? You shake your head and turn back the way you’d retreated.

You reach the end, then glance down each hall, finding only more doors and more candles. And so much damn red. If only you had someone like Sakuya beside you right now. Or Youmu.

Guessing that she’d be further from library than closer, you turn to the right. Your boots click across the red velvet carpets as your mind wanders.

You need her back, but what do you say? ‘I’m sorry I molested you’? You rub your chin. Then your hand wanders across your face to rub your scalp.

More red passes by.

Is it even really your fault? It was because Youmu missed, after all. If she couldn’t do it, why did she still accept? Surely, she, of all people, would’ve known the risks. For that matter, why did she leave? Did she think you’d go after her again? Was she offended that you lost control?

She’s too strong to fear you, so she must be angry.

You hit a dead end with a dark, wooden door. You lean in, pushing the door open to find a room with a plush bed, a tall dresser, and a small, short white desk with a similarly small mirror.

But no Youmu.

You close it and turn around.

She could be in any one of these doors, but you have nowhere near the time to check them all.

You walk back down the hall, finding another hall branching off to your right. You must have missed it on the way in.

You turn and walk down it, closing your eyes.

More spots of filth litter the building, but none too close. The giant mass moves further away below you, but the smaller one grows closer.

Just how will you broach the question?

Something clatters into the wall to your left, ringing as it bounces off to hit the floor behind you.

You glance back.

It’s a shiny, embossed silver ball with two dark red straps hanging out.

It looks an awful lot like a smaller version of the gag you stuffed Mystia with.

You glance forward, shivering. This way takes you closer to the mass. It’s also where the gag came from. It may be your only shot at finding Youmu.

If you wait, more fairies will eventually find you. If that book wins, it will find you, given enough time.

You swallow and step forward, soon finding a thin wooden block lying in the hall, with dark iron hinges and three circular holes, the middle one larger than the other two. A black iron seam runs right down the middle, hitting every hole before ending in a padlock.

You step around it when voices, yet again, float to your ears.

“It’s gotta be the bar!”

“The bar’s boring. Give her the ring!”

“What about the weird one? I wanna see how it works!”

More damn fairy maids.

“Unhand me!”

That was Youmu.

This hallway ends at a corner, veering off to the left. A smaller fairy crashes into the wall to your right, thumping to the ground. More toys litter the floor before you. You jog, as quiet as you can, to the corner and peer around it.

Youmu lies face-up on the floor, her feet facing you as she wrestles with a tall, aqua-haired fairy maid hunched over her. A busty fairy maid with one wing drooping to the floor and the other peeled halfway off. A thick, white substance drips from the peeled wing. Youmu’s swords lie a good pace away, out of reach. Several smaller fairies crowd around them, each carrying a gag, a set of shackles, or some other strange toy. Each restraint features either dull metal on leather straps, or silver with red, pink, or purple straps.

Except for the simple but smooth, shining gray shackles lying near Youmu.

She throws her leg up at her assailant, only for the maid to twist to the left. Youmu throws a shackled fist at her, dragging a second cuff behind it, into the maid’s gut. The maid jerks back from the blow but catches it and yanks on it, throwing Youmu onto her front. Plopping her ass onto Youmu’s back, the maid drags that empty cuff across, pulling her wrist along with it. The maid’s hair, once smooth and held close to the scalp, now puffs out, scraggly with wear.

One of the smaller fairies lies on the ground nearby, clutching her stomach.

The maid cries out in triumph. “Gotcha!”

Youmu twists her wrists, pulling their chain tight just to get them to her sides. The maid lifts herself up to turn around. Youmu throws her leg up, jerking the maid forward as it collides with her ass.

The maid grunts. “Hey, cut that out!”

“Get these things off me!”

“No!”

The maid snatches the loose pair from the floor and wrestles Youmu’s left ankle to the floor, cuffing it. You need to act. But something about her…

She giggles. “Aren’t they amazing? I made them so they’d keep even an oni restrained.” She sighs. “If only I got to use them on the girl I’d made them f-”

Youmu’s free leg thumps into the maid’s side, over and over.

“Hey! I said quit it!”

Made them? What is she, a blacksm…

Your jaw moves, silent. It clicks. The size, the peeling wings…

What about her had started to stir so much dread.

That’s not a fairy maid. It’s Kogasa.

Her head jerks up, one red eye and one blue swiveling toward you. You leap back, pressing your back flat to the corner wall. Your heart pounds.

You swallow, sweat beading on your skin. You gulp and close your eyes, feeling the lust around you. The mass is Kogasa, surrounded by at least four spots.

Her desire strains toward you, but there’s a faint undercurrent creeping toward Youmu, as well. You’ve no idea where Kogasa’s looking, however.

Your chest heaves, breath quaking. Youmu needs you. You steal one more glance. Kogasa’s dragged the ankle chain underneath Youmu’s wrist chain and back up, pulling it back and folding her left leg in half. She kicks her free right leg into Kogasa’s side. She’ll do that to you if she gets the chance, won’t she?

Five fairies, plus the one on the ground, and Kogasa.

With her wrists locked, without her swords, Youmu won’t help much. Probably. You need to do this yourself. You breathe in and out. In and out, you can-

“Unhand me, you barmglph!”

A giggle sounds behind you. You twist back, only finding a door ajar.

You peek again. One small fairy maid stands in front of Youmu’s face, hands stretched into it, while another floats over her head and with a pair of small bars, held together by small gears. The maid lowers them in front her face. Kogasa folds your protector’s free, thrashing leg near the other.

Youmu shakes her head, but the fairies hold on.

Just you versus Kogasa. And the five fairies, too.

Another click. One more glance. Kogasa steps back to reveal both ankles now shackled, their chain trapped behind Youmu’s wrist chain. She rolls Youmu onto her back, her green skirt sliding down her straining thighs to her waist to expose her mint panties again. Youmu arches her back, the interlocked chains of her shackled hands forcing her feet to fold against her ass. She sags then turns to an angle, straining ankles pulling her shoulders taut as they drag her hands to her thighs. Kogasa hops over to Youmu’s face, pressing your protector’s back to the ground.

Youmu squeals, just before you hear gears turning. Kogasa winds something near Youmu’s cheek. The fairies let go and float away. Kogasa settles back on Youmu’s belly, turning in your direction, her eyes just barely slipping past you to something on the ground nearby.

An engraved, curved metal plate, just smaller than your hand, welded to a leather base and a mess of straps.

“Well… if I can’t have the girl I need, I guess I can perform a little stress test on my babies.” Kogasa runs a hand down Youmu’s twisting, straining form, bringing up her thigh and around to pat her exposed panties.

“You’ve been very mean to me, you know. So, keep struggling, okay? Make sure they’re nice and secure for my girl.”

Youmu bucks, throwing Kogasa up.

“Wha!” Kogasa lands, wrapping her hands around Youmu’s head and pulling it up. You find Youmu’s tongue extended all way out from her mouth, pressed tight between a pair of slender bars just long enough to dig into the corners of her beet red face. “You didn’t have to do that.”

Your hopes are fast fading. You need to…

“Bring her back with her purity intact, would you? I dislike making examples out of people.”

Kogasa leans in, bringing her head near Youmu’s forcibly extended tongue. Youmu twists, bouncing and crying out as their faces near.

You hurl yourself around the corner, charging toward them. “Let her go!”

Kogasa pauses, turning to face you. Her eyes go wide, outright sparkling.

“Naoko! You came!”

She drops Youmu’s head and hops to her feet, spinning to face you. She opens her arms wide.

You hurl a chain of hearts at her gut. In a blink, she shifts to the side.

“Wah! Hey, we don’t have to fight!”

You pause, feet stopping amid a pile of shackles and gags. “Let Youmu go.”

“Sure!”

You blink.

“If you’ll take her place!”

“What? No!”

“Pleeease?”

“No.”

She pouts. “Fine. We’ll have a fight. But I get to keep you if I win!”

You stare back. “And you’ll let Youmu go if I win.”

Youmu arches her back again, folding her legs as she tries to… do something. She sputters through the tongue bars, voice desperate and eyes wide.

“Yeah, yeah.”

Spirals of purple bullets appear around Kogasa as you warm up your own hearts. You take a step back, wondering how you’ll squeeze through her bullet wall.

A high-pitched voice squeals from behind you, “it’s a fight!”

A red bullet crashes past your shoulder, to the wall behind Kogasa.

You flip around to see three fairies firing more red bullets. You pound a line of hearts into one fairy, catching her by surprise and popping her.

You spin around to find the bullets fast approaching, accompanied by fire from the three fairies behind Kogasa. You fire another couple lines forward.

Kogasa sidesteps them but they send the fairies behind her scattering and clip one. Youmu twists her back from side to side, grunting.

No pops, though.

“Wait! Give her the shackles, not the pillory!”

You spin back around to find a fairy floating toward you, carrying a small block of wood with two holes.

You pound her with hearts, popping her.

“No! Daisy!” The remaining fairy glares at you, then flees as you fire another line her way.

You glance forward just long enough to squeeze through Kogasa’s spiral, ducking low to avoid the red bullets slipping through. Puffing, you pull yourself back up and whip around to fire another burst of hearts toward the last fairy behind you.

She floats out of the way, sticking her tongue out at you.

“Careful, Lizzy, careful. Don’t…”

You spin back around, a fairy floats between you and Kogasa, carrying a rubber ball on red straps.

“Wah! She found you!” The fairy in the back pelts you with red, forcing you to duck as her companion approaches. Slipping to the side, you lift yourself up to find the gag floating far too close. Jogging backward, you pelt the carrier with hearts. They connect, popping her.

As the ball clatters back to the ground and a new wave of purple bullets appears around Kogasa, you spin back around to find the last fairy behind you picking up what appears to be a dark red corset.

You fire, nailing and popping her.

You return your gaze to Kogasa to find the two fairies behind her fighting over a red buckled collar. You heave a tiring breath as you fire a cloud of bullets their way.

Kogasa slips between the hearts, letting them pop one fairy and clip the other. Youmu lies on her side now, shaking her head and curling her back as she pulls at her chains. A small puddle of drool collects under her tongue.

You breathe heavy. Just one more fairy, then Kogasa.

The purple bullets float toward you, forcing you to leap to the side to slip between them.

“For honor! For love! For panties and pretty pink leashes!”

The last fairy surges forward, carrying a silvery leash with a long chain and pink frills underneath.

You fire another cloud of hearts, then one more.

Kogasa steps through both, slipping between your hearts. The fairy weaves between them and pounds her body into your gut, shoving you back. She floats out, staring you down with hard, glinting eyes. You pound a trio of hearts into her, popping her.

Just you and Kogasa now. And Youmu, still twisting around near her feet.

Kogasa gives you a massive grin as she raises her hand. Three spirals of pink bullets fire out from her, terrifyingly fast. You jog back, firing out more clouds of hearts. The pink bullets rocket toward you, changing into narrower forms in a spread of rainbow colors as they approach. You leap and hop between the narrower bullets, letting them graze your shoulders and hips as you look for the next opening.

During the short gaps between, you fire more clouds. One of them, finally, clips Kogasa’s arm.

Then the bullets end. Kogasa’s still grinning. “You did so well!”

A faltering smile breaks across your lips. “Is… is that all? Are you done?”

She presses a finger to her lips. Youmu thrashes in her chains.

“Nope!”

You tense, firing off another cloud, smaller and denser, in Kogasa’s direction.

“Rain Sign [A Rainy Night’s Ghost Story]!”

To your surprise, your bullets evaporate as they approach, subsumed by a cloud of small, blue bullets of her own. She fires them toward you, flying in random directions.

You find one opening and throw yourself through it, only to find more bullets behind it. So many, many more bullets. You duck, dodge, and weave, taking a blow to your gut, then your head.

You stagger backward, only to find the bullets still coming. No gaps this time, just an unending swarm. You throw yourself into the best opening you can find, only to get hit on both shoulders.

Heavy breath shaking, you scan for another, only to get slammed in the crotch. You stumble back, falling on your ass as the bullets finally fade away.

Limbs shaking, you pull yourself off the floor. Your knees knock as you struggle to hold yourself upright, dragging on your power to summon one more heart. It fizzles and winks out. You try again, scanning the room for your… target.

Kogasa’s not there.

“Erhe! Ehoo!” Youmu screams, banging her shackled feet on the floor.

“What do you…”

A hand claps your left shoulder as a smell floats to your nose.

Pussy. Wet, hungry pussy. Your gut churns at how fast you identified the smell. A hand leans over your right shoulder, holding a bunched-up wad of dripping, white-and-blue striped fabric.

“Open up for me, okay?”

She slides the hand on your left to your chin, while the right carries that fabric toward your mouth.

You slide your shaking hands up in front of your mouth to press them to the fabric, holding it back. “Wait. Let’s talk about this. Please, I-”

“I won, Naoko. Fair and square. Just be a good sport, admit you lost, and let me have my prize.”

“What about a rematch? And maybe I could-”

Kogasa’s hand squeezes your jaw. “Open up.”

You purse your lips, shaking your head. Until her iron grip stops you, locking your head in place as her fingers grind into it. Your jaw aches, then hurts, then threatens to buckle under her fingers. Defeated, you open your quivering mouth. Youmu stills, eyes closing as she rests her head and knees on the carpet.

Kogasa presses the sex-drenched cloth between your teeth, almost choking you as she shoves it inside. Her fingers leave your aching jaw.

The taste of Kogasa’s lust drowns your tongue as she gives it a few final pats. She lets go and you let yourself fall back to your ass.

“Enjoy my panties, I made sure to get all of my love on them.”

She giggles. You retch, dry heaves pushing a couple folds past your lips.

“Hey! Keep it in!”

Too weak to stand, jaw still aching, you just sit there, wet panties hanging from your lips. Kogasa turns a glare toward you. You freeze, too petrified to dare pull the panties out.

She hops in front of you, carrying that engraved metal plate with all its straps hanging off the sides.

“Jeez. You’re making me do every little thing!” She presses a hand to the wadded cloth, shoving it back behind your teeth. She then sighs, face brightening into a smile. “Ta-da!” She presents the plate, not quite shoving it in your face.

‘Naoko,’ it reads.

“I made this one just for you. Isn’t it pretty?”

With your mouth stuffed as it is, you settle for mumbling a vaguely positive sound.

She pouts. “Here, let me show you how it works.”

She steps around to your back and drops to her knees, then slides the plate in front of your panty-stuffed mouth. She presses the leather backing tight to your jaw with one hand, while the other pulls a strap up from the top.

Two smaller straps run up from the plate, around your nose, to connect to a single larger strap just above it. She runs it up and over your scalp, then slides it around something behind you just before pulling the two side straps around the base of your head.

Something buckles behind you just before she pulls on it, tightening it around your head. Idly, you push on the cloth with your tongue, pressing it to the plate.

The plate doesn’t budge, of course.

Kogasa hops around and in front of you once more as she scans the floor. You run a hand along the plate, feeling the grooves of your name. “Hey! Don’t touch that!”

Startled, you pull your hand back off. Kogasa wanders around you, maid dress bouncing as she flits from shackles to ball gag to pink cock.

You could try to unbuckle the gag, of course, but then what? Fight her? After she almost broke your jaw just to stuff you? Sex-flavored fluids trickle down your throat with each subtle shift of the teeth you unwillingly press into her panties.

Still shaking, you pull yourself back to your feet and stagger backward. Maybe if you just…

“Give me your hands.”

You blink, looking up to see a pair of bright, silvery shackles with soft pink lace at their edges. Just like the last fairy’s collar. And Kogasa’s red and blue eyes staring right at you. Defeated, you lift your hands.

She places them, one at a time, in the cuffs. Then she closes and locks them. Groaning, you tug at them, finding the chain about as long as Youmu’s, letting you get them to your sides before it pulls taut.

Kogasa lifts your right foot. You glance forward to find a matching set of shackles near them, one sliding around your ankle.

She shuts and locks it, then locks the other around your left.

“Over here!”

You look up to find her holding a collar, the pink-laced one the last fairy dropped, its long chain dragging behind her.

She pops it open, splitting it in half by the d-link. She slides it around your neck and snaps it closed again, closing a padlock on the front. She runs her fingers down the chain, pulling it up as she glances to a door at the end of the hall, behind Youmu.

She glances down at Youmu, then sighs.

“Wait right here.”

She jogs back, snaps a matching leash from the floor, and hops over to Youmu. You look away, down your violet dress. So much for saving Youmu.

Chains clink and metal snaps open. Then it snaps shut again. Footsteps patter toward you just before a hand slides across your silk-covered belly to snatch your leash. It tugs, pulling the chain up, then away.

Then it forces you to turn, finding Kogasa carrying your leash in one hand, alongside Youmu’s.

She carries a bulky mess of black leather in the other.

You pull your neck back, but a quick tug from Kogasa sends you stumbling forward, feet twisting just to keep you upright. She drags you down the hall, to the door she’d been eyeing. You glance to Youmu, whose hands rest trapped behind her back, but freed from her ankles.

She glances back, giving you a hard, determined stare. One rather undermined by the tongue still forced out by the small bars digging into her cheeks. Kogasa gives both leashes another tug. You turn to see the door open as Kogasa drags your stumbling feet forward.

You find the room she brings you to rather cozy. A dark wooden dresser sits in the far-left corner, with a two-person, plush bed with high, engraved wooden posts at each corner, four beams running between them. A rosy red blanket covers the bed. Another small desk and mirror rests in the near left, made of matching dark wood.

“Okay! Let’s get started.” Kogasa ushers you to the bed, dumping you on it as she spins around. She takes a quick detour to the door, clicking the lock, then whirls back around to stare down your would-be guardian.

“Now, Yo-u-mu…”

Youmu flinches and backs into the wall, chains shifting as she pressed herself between the desk and dresser.

“Someone’s wearing Ms. Naoko’s bracelets.”

Kogasa drops the mess of black leather beside Youmu and grabs her green vest, popping it open, button by button.

You turn around, tugging your wrists apart as you try to shut out the sound of fabric sliding against fabric. Then Youmu’s garbed cries. You burrow your head into the blanket, lifting your left leg almost to your waist before the chain pulls taut. The chains clink as your ankles tug at them, but not loud enough to drown out the sound of fabric sliding against skin.

“Hey! Naoko, pay attention!”

You flinch, sweat beading on your skin as you ease your struggles.

“Don’t make me come over there, young lady.”

A quiet, disbelieving giggle bubbles from your throat. This is the girl who overpowered and confined you? Whose magic so overwhelmed your own?

You remind yourself of what her temper would do to your bones. Groaning through the panties, you return to face Youmu’s now bare back and soft, tight ass.

“Behold!” She stares you in the eyes as she gestures to the chain hanging across that butt from Youmu’s stiffened wrists. “Built to hold even an oni in place! Once equipped, the captive will never escape until its owner opens them.”

You squeeze your right hand between your thighs, jerking the left almost to your chest. You tug the left up, away from your right, letting the shackle dig into your wrist. The chain doesn’t even creak.

She nudges Youmu. Tired and irritated, Youmu tugs at them for a moment, then lets her wrists fall limp.

She rubs her nose. “I put so much effort into them, you know. Do you have any idea how hard oni-resistant metals are to get, let alone work with? I busted my favorite hammer! And the next one!” She sighs as she licks her lips. “But it was all worth it, just to enjoy your ass one more time.”

You roll to your side, cuffs biting into your wrists as you pull at their chain.

“Next!” Kogasa drops to a squat, gesturing to the ankles on Youmu’s smooth white socks. “Just as tough, guaranteed to prevent even your most dexterous efforts from separating us!”

Youmu tugs her right ankle up for but a moment.

“Now just a wait a moment, dear, before I get these babies on you, where they belong.” Kogasa stands back up, bringing her hands to Youmu’s top button and snapping it loose.

You turn around, giving your wrists one last tug before you let go, skin bright red under the cuffs. You sigh, shackled hands and legs curling into each other as you dream up escape plans to the sound of leather sliding across skin, mixed with Youmu’s garbled cries.

You uncurl, glancing back just long enough to find Youmu twisting, still upright, under the heavy leather straps Kogasa had draped over her shoulders. Trying to turn away from the hands sliding across her modest breasts to flick at her pale, pink nipples.

You turn your eyes to the vaulted ceiling, spreading your legs to pull at your ankle chain. Leather slides against skin, buckles snap, and Youmu’s cries grow quieter. Sadder.

You failed.

Chains clink, both your own and Youmu’s.

Youmu failed.

“Now, I need you to be real still, okay? Naoko needs her shackles back, so…”

Crash!

You lift your head.

Youmu stands in the corner of the wall and dresser, pressing herself into them and away from Kogasa, who sits, feet splayed, a couple steps away.

Kogasa leaps back up, throwing her right hand to Youmu’s shivering shoulder and under a black strap. “I said be still!” She shoves her left hand into Youmu’s gut and slides the right hand down Youmu’s side, pulling the strap tight over her right arm, then her left. Kogasa then tugs another set around each hip.

Black leather straps crisscross Youmu’s torso, connected by metal rings in a repeating diamond pattern. The leash is gone, replaced by a collar matching her straps. Kogasa moves to her collar, pulling and tightening each strap one by one.

Youmu yelps as Kogasa reaches the straps encircling her breasts, pushing Youmu’s breasts out and digging into their bases just a little more with each tug. Kogasa hums a cheery tune as she continues down to the diamond encompassing her navel, then the straps wrapped around the base of her thighs, running just around Youmu’s cute, exposed pussy.

Kogasa pulls Youmu back and steps behind her, tightening it in the back.

“You’re doing really well. Just hold still a little longer, okay?”

Youmu groans, slumping over as Kogasa pulls a black sleeve from the floor and presses it to Youmu’s back, chains clinking as she moves your protector’s arms.

You hear a couple clicks, then find Youmu’s shackles falling to the floor behind her. Youmu throws her body into Kogasa’s side, shoving your captor back again. She staggers forward, around Kogasa, toward you.

You barely get a muffled squeal through the damn panties before Kogasa leaps, tackling Youmu to the ground, where she pins her arms to her back and drags the sleeve over them.

You shuffle backward, chains clinking until you hit the headboard. You curl into yourself, shivering. Idly, you tug your ankles apart again.

Leather presses to fabric once more before you hear a zip, followed by three straps buckling. With a trio of tugs, Kogasa sighs.

Then a few more straps buckle. Then Kogasa steps out and around, hauling Youmu up by her collar.

Youmu groans, swinging her torso around to reveal the black sleeve pressed tight around both arms, folding them behind her back. A strap runs up from each end of the sleeve, connecting to a ring at the center of her back with three more straps running out from it. One to her collar and one around each arm, back to the diamonds in the front. She leans back, gurgling her frustrations.

“Almost done, now let me see your feet.”

Youmu yelps, again, jerking her head downward as Kogasa grabs her ankles. Fitting a key into the shackles, she frees one, then the other. Youmu kicks at her.

It connects. Kogasa staggers back, holding her forehead. “Ow!”

She turns to face Youmu, grabs the ankle, and yanks.

Youmu’s feet fall out from under her, sending her ass crashing back to the floor.

“Now, behave.”

Gurgling, Youmu nods her head. Kogasa drags Youmu back toward the wall, rips her shoes off, and throws them aside. She then slides one leg into a long, long black boot. One that reaches halfway up the girl’s thigh, with a heel so long it would force her onto her tiptoes.

She buckles four different straps at different points along the boot’s length, then feeds the other leg through an identical boot. As she buckles the second up, you can’t help but notice a series of d-links running up the interior side of each boot, right by a corresponding buckle.

Kogasa grabs a handful of padlocks, which she runs through the links between Youmu’s leather-wrapped legs, clicking one shut around each link. Finally, she finishes with Youmu’s ankles, lets go, and stands up.

Once Kogasa backs off, Youmu goes back to twisting and straining. But if the shackles inhibited her, these immobilize her. Humming, Kogasa skips toward you. You twist and bounce, pressing yourself to the headboard, shrinking away from her. Youmu’s shackles dangle from her hands.

She leaps onto the mattress and crawls toward you, chains clinking. “Oh boy! I finally get to put these on you!” She pulls out a key, which she inserts into the lock on your left shackle, popping it open. She repeats with the right.

“Now, about this dress…”

Kogasa glides her hands through the slit in of your dress and, reaching under it, she pushes it up your stomach. Frantic, your hands fly to her wrists. She snatches them and presses them to the bed on either side of you.

“I. Won. Fair and square. Now stop messing around!”

She glares at you. You lock up.

She pushes the dress up, over your head, and down your arms. The cool bedroom air brushes by your exposed belly and…

“Oh, wow. The fairies were right.” Kogasa runs a hand down your bare belly, up against the side of your ‘bra,’ and flicks your bare nipple. “Well, I guess we can leave these on, since they don’t get in the way.”

She throws the dress aside and sets the smaller shackles on your belly, both popped open. “Put your hands here.”

Eyes moist and twitching, you shake your head. She frowns. You shut your eyes, still shaking.

Kogasa sighs. “If can’t behave, I guess I’ll need to teach you.”

A hand crashes across your left breast, stinging it. Then your right. Your feet shake, but Kogasa’s weight prevents you from running, even if you had any courage left. You choke through the next couple blows, then surrender, dropping your wrists, limp, in the cuffs and letting her lock you into them. You lie there, letting her slide down, pop your ankle cuffs off, and replace them with Youmu’s set. You can’t help but notice just how snug they fit, as if they were made with only your wrists and ankles in mind.

Finally, she pulls something else out from behind her. A shiny but dull gray collar, the same as your gag and your new set of shackles. You find a name embossed into the front, just above an empty d-link. ‘Naoko Honda,’ it reads. Of course.

Popping it open, she sets it aside as she opens your current collar, only to toss it to the floor. Gently, reverently, she slides the new, embossed collar around your neck, snapping it shut and locking a padlock on the back.

“You know what means, right?” Kogasa rubs a hand down to your crotch, fingers poking at your exposed pussy. “You’re all mine now. Your ass belongs to me, understand?”

Gut dropping, you nod. It’s a lie, of course. You can… you can still win. You can still escape. You got away from Mystia and Wriggle. You can get away from her. Eventually. You throw a glance to Youmu’s constricted, defeated form. You just play by her stupid rules and you’ll get your chance… right?

And even if you can’t escape, you can at least get Youmu out, right?

An opportunity will come, right?

“It’s not so bad, you know. Being a tool. It’s so much better than being unwanted. Now point that adorable little butt this way, okay?”

Shivering, you comply, feeling the blanket against your face as you flip onto your front.

“Good, good. Now, stick it out just a little more.”

Face burning, you fold your legs together. Just get it over with. Just get it over with. Just…

A tongue swipes down your crack. You bury your face in the sheets, screaming into Kogasa’s panties as she licks your asshole. As she grabs your ass-cheeks, wedges her face down your crack, and forces her wet, slippery way through your sphincter.

She moans into your ass.

Garbled, furious screams float to your ear from the far wall as Kogasa rolls her head around your crack, pumping your ass with her impossible tongue.

The screams climb in pitch and ferocity until you feel the full length of her wet muscle slide up and out, popping free from your ass as she pulls her head away.

Shaking, you let your spit-soaked ass fall. Groaning into the panties, you twist and turn, facing back to Youmu as you pull yourself into a sitting position.

Kogasa approaches her. “Sorry, sorry. I guess you felt kind of left out, huh?”

Youmu’s screams die in her throat. Kogasa hauls her apron up and off, then with a pop of a button, drops her pleated skirt down her legs, exposing a smooth, round ass of her own.

She steps out of it and, crouching down, grabs Youmu by the collar, dragging her onto the floor. Youmu twists and writhes as Kogasa turns her until the girl’s feet face away from you. She squats down over Youmu’s naked, tightly compressed body. Pinching Youmu’s already pinched tongue between her fingers, she lowers her crotch to Youmu’s face.

You shut your eyes as Kogasa’s pussy muffles Youmu’s cries. But it does little good. The muffled cries are soon drowned out by wet schlicks as Kogasa rubs her lascivious cunt all over the poor girl’s face.

And what little cries you hear soon transition to frantic licking. Intermixed with the occasional whimper.

Then the sounds die out. The whimpers grow louder, now interspersed with hiccups.

“Hey! I gave you attention! What else could, you…”

The sound of revelation in her voice paralyzes you.

“Oh, of course! Here, just a sec.”

And just like that, you’re back to curling into yourself.

A chain rattles, then hits something solid, then slides along it.

Youmu yelps. Leather twists and strains, then something hooks into it.

“Wakey wakey, sleepyhead.”

You peel your eyes open to see Kogasa staring back. She leans forward, grabs you by the collar, and pulls, jerking you forward.

With another tug, she has you off the bed and stumbling to your feet. Then she grabs your wrists and pulls. You shake your head, pulling back. Her eyes narrow, darkening. You swallow, stale pussy juice gliding down your throat as you hold out only another moment before you relent, letting her haul them up. She drags you nearly to your tiptoes before hooking them into a chain that hangs across the rafter above your head.

You stare up at it, bewildered, before feeling a pair of soft, tight breasts bump into your own slightly larger, less restrained pair. You look forward to find Youmu tethered to the other end of your chain, hooked by links on her shoulder straps.

Kogasa reaches around your neck, carrying a short chain over your shoulder. She snaps one end onto your collar’s link, then runs around behind Youmu and affixes the opposite end to her collar.

Even in the position you’re in, breasts bumping into Youmu’s, the chain barely droops. A hand glides across your ass.

“Now that we’ve got you two lovebirds together, let’s dig in!”

You twist, hands forced above you, Youmu’s nipples glancing across your breasts, hips touching.

Kogasa squats down, stroking your ass again.

You look into Youmu’s terrified eyes, feeling just a spark of courage returning. Just for her, you might be able to defy Kogasa. But should you? 

You give Youmu the firmest, most confident gaze you can muster, even as a bit of drool trickles down her chin.

You tense as Kogasa’s tongue slides up and down your crack once more. Her panties shift in your mouth, squeezing out another dribble of her juices. You’ve got an idea.

She presses her nose between your ass-cheeks, probing your sphincter. Again. You breathe in. You’ll need an opening to pull this off. You give the chain above an experimental tug, testing your strength. Youmu yelps through the bars on her tongue, diverting your eyes.

Her wide eyes shift from terror to jittery nervousness. Kogasa’s tongue leaves you.

“Oh! I almost forgot!” Kogasa jogs away from you.

You twist, pushing your right breast between Youmu’s pair and leaning back behind your hanging arms to glance behind you.

Kogasa clears her throat, holding her right hand out. With only a light rustle, that giant, purple umbrella flies out from under it, sliding inside her outstretched hand. Its eye stares back at you, its giant tongue hanging.

She swings it upward and, reaching underneath it, pulls out a long and curved double-ended pink dildo. She gives you a giant, beaming grin as she tosses it to her umbrella’s giant tongue.

The tongue folds around the dildo, rubbing it.

“Just give me a second to have this lubed up for you lovebirds.”

“Hgh! Hgh!”

Something drips onto your right breast. You turn back around to find Youmu’s eyes wide again, her spit now dribbling off her chin, down to your chest. She beats the backs of her hands against her sides, twisting in her harness.

A slender but calloused hand slides down your back, along your ass, to poke at your pussy. “Spread those legs for me and be real still so it goes in easy, okay?”

You sigh into her disgusting panties, looking up to your dangling wrists as you spread your legs. You pull the chain taut just as you feel the head press against your pussy lips. You breathe in and out as what you pray to be the last of her juices dribbles down your throat.

You whimper as the rubber cock pokes at your lower lips, sending a shiver up your spine as it slides in. Then it stops, pushing into stiffer flesh. You look down, between both Youmu’s modest breasts and your own pair, seeing only the mock underwear around your crotch.

Involuntarily, you squeeze your thighs together to try to push the fat, ridged intruder out. You yelp as her hand crashes across your ass. Groaning, you spread your legs again, shuffling your hips to ease the pressure as she pushes it harder, squeezing it through your unyielding cunt. Youmu’s saliva trail shifts to your left breast as she fidgets, twisting her own bust around and grinding her nipples across your flesh.

Kogasa pushes it harder until, with a thump, it slams through you, the bend hitting your mound. You swallow, cheeks squeezing her now spit-soaked panties, fingers twitching and back shivering at the sensation of the repulsive, unwelcome shaft wedged inside you.

“There, much better. Now…” She glides around behind Youmu, reaching around her to grip the hard, pink shaft protruding from your pussy. She pulls it down, lining it up with Youmu’s slit. You stare into Youmu’s wide, teary eyes, offering the kindest gaze you can achieve with only your eyebrows.

You just need to wait for Kogasa to step within reach of your ankles.

Youmu’s teal pupils fixate on your joined crotches. You feel only subtle shifts inside you but find Youmu’s eyes clenching shut. You feel her body shiver against yours.

“Ghlr… Lgh.”

Her cheeks flush, spit trailing between both your breasts and hers, now.

The shifting slows down. You feel small twists and jerks, accompanied by Kogasa’s grunts, followed by Youmu’s.

“Grrr. Hey, Naoko. Help me out here.”

You stare down both pairs of breasts again, still blinded by your body and Youmu’s. She whimpers, shifting her hips.

“Give her a few thrusts, okay? It’s not going in.”

Youmu opens her eyes wide, shaking her head hard enough to send her spit flying to the sides.

“Well, what are you waiting for?” Kogasa leans her head out from Youmu’s back, flat eyes boring into you. Slowly, shivering, you shake your head. Yuyuko will kill you if you take this any further.

She frowns. You close your eyes, holding firm. Kogasa leaps to her feet, sliding her hands around Youmu’s ass. She drags Youmu’s ass back, then shoves it forward. Youmu wails as the dildo jerks inside you. She drags Youmu’s ass back again.

“Hrghph!” You shout. Kogasa pauses.

You inhale through your nose. It’s too late to go back now. You need Kogasa relaxed enough to get in position. You need Youmu’s crotch to get through this. For both your sake and Youmu’s, you need to play this girl’s stupid game a little longer.

You offer Youmu your most apologetic eyes. She cocks her head, brows slanted, before they fly wide open again.

You pull your hips back, just slightly, then thrust. You’re softer than Kogasa was, but she still jerks back, yelping.

“Good, good. Keep doing that.”

Kogasa leaps to her feet and circles around your back again.

You thrust into Youmu again, she whimpers.

Kogasa shoves her face in your ass again. You jerk back, pressing the cheeks into her face before you thrust forward. The tongue presses to your sphincter. Again.

You shove forward. Again. The shaft shifts, triggering a warmth in your gut. You push it to the side, listening to Youmu’s garbled, broken yelps as you thrust Kogasa’s vile toy into her. With the end of each thrust, your ass bounces back into your captor’s face, pushing her back.

Youmu groans, wriggling on the cock, hands clenching and unclenching. The toy’s movements slow, jerking from something inside her.

Arms aching from your chains, back tiring, the cock beats into you with each thrust. Hips bouncing, Kogasa’s tongue playing with your asshole, you shiver, growing warm and wet.

“Ghleh!” Youmu yelps in pain. You pause, slowing. Something warm, wet, and sticky trails down your leg. After the parade of pussies you’ve been shoved into, you know quite well what its fluids feel like. Whatever trickles down your leg is something else.

Kogasa sighs. “Oh, you were a virgin. My bad.”

You stare down at her, frantic.

She stares back up. “Hey! It’s already gone, so get back to pounding her!”

You pause, turning back to Youmu. Youmu winces, eyes easing over time.

Kogasa slaps your ass. You jerk from her blow, then start, slow, and push into Youmu again.

Kogasa pulls her head from your ass and shuffles around you, stopping behind Youmu. Youmu’s eyes fly open again as she lets out a yelp. You pull back, slowly.

Wet, slurping noises sound out around Youmu’s ass, followed by a loud, disappointed sigh. Kogasa stands up and drops her arms over Youmu’s shoulders, nuzzling into her neck. The weight pushes her down, dragging you to up to your tiptoes.

“Your ass tastes way too much like mochi, you know that?”

Youmu’s looks up and away, her face burning red.

“You should go for a more earthy, rustic flavor, like Naoko.” Kogasa sticks her tongue out. “And the cheeks, my goodness. Your butt’s way too firm. A little bit’s kinda nice, sure. But there’s none of Naoko’s pillow softness. And the weight, the heft, they’re just not there. You need to eat more.”

Youmu whimpers, twisting her torso as Kogasa slips her tongue back in and slides her hands down Youmu’s ass.

“Jeez guys, no one came yet.”

Youmu lets out a shivering whine as Kogasa drags her back, almost off the damn cock. She holds Youmu’s hips there. “Well? Are you gonna get back to fucking, or do I have do it all myself?”

You twitch. She shoves Youmu’s hips down again, slamming her into your crotch. Youmu screams and you squeal as the shaft grinds itself deeper inside you. Kogasa steps back, staring hard at you over Youmu’s shoulder. Shutting your eyes, you take the hint and move your hips.

With only a few more thrusts, a few more hits to Youmu’s crotch shoving jerking the rubber menace inside you, you grow hot. Youmu’s skin burns against yours, her heavy-lidded, aqua eyes dancing away from your own. Every twist and bounce of her breasts glances across your own quaking chest.

Your chains clatter. Your skin beads with sweat. Youmu lets out a soft, muffled mewl. Kogasa stands back as you pound the disgusting toy into your one-time protector’s vulnerable pussy. Your stomach twists even as your crotch begs for more. Then, with a shudder, the final wave of pleasure washes over you.

Heart pounding and lungs straining, a long and loud, shuddering groan filters through your captor’s underwear to escape the engraved plate on your lips.

Exhausted, you sag in your chains, held up only by the rafter and the damn dildo. You wince as you feel the sticky trickle running down both your leg and hers.

Kogasa steps around to your left, tapping her feet. She waits a moment. Silence hangs over the room. Kogasa sighs, then drops to her knees and tugs on the dildo. With a couple jerks, she drags it out of your pussies.

“I guess your girlfriend can wait. But just this once, okay?”

You groan through her damn panties. You’re still under her perverted thumb, but at least your pussy’s empty. Then Kogasa pushes you aside, rotating you as she squeezes between the two of you.

“Fatten it up next time, okay?”

Looking down, you find Kogasa kissing Youmu’s pussy. She pulls back, just starting to stand. She’s in position, or at least as close as she’s going to get. With your arms and back already aching, you won’t have any strength left the next time.

You tug your wrists downward, jerking Youmu up. She yelps as you lift your feet off the ground. You’re no athlete, but you manage to get your ankles just high enough to hurl your them out, over Kogasa’s head and behind her neck. You jerk them back across her shoulders. You drag the chain around her neck, sliding one ankle toward the other to cross…

They stop cold, held in place by firm, powerful hands. She stares back up at you, arms raised to hold your ankles, eyes wide and mouth gaping. You shove your feet toward each other, twisting and straining just to get the chain closer to her damn windpipe. Chains rattle and muscles burn, your best efforts barely budge under her iron grip, then she hurls them back away and down to the floor. You stagger back, jerking Youmu with you by her collar.

Kogasa walks behind you as you regain your bearings, your breasts once more pressed to Youmu’s chest.

You failed.

“How… how could you!”

Wincing, you glance over your shoulder to find Kogasa’s seething glare.

“Did you even stop for a second to think about your poor anklets? They were made to hold you. This was supposed to be their best moment! And what do you do? You go and use them to hurt their maker.”

Kogasa sniffles.

“They deserved better! So much better!” Her shoulders sag. “Fine. I’ve seen human mothers. I know how to treat naughty girls.”

She snags the umbrella back up. With a heavy thump, she smacks it into her hand. Stepping forward, she thumps it again, and again. She exhales long and slow, stopping just behind you.

She swings the umbrella back. You tense.

Whack!

It’s wide, wet, and heavy tongue crashes into your ass, shoving you into Youmu with its weight. You swing on the chains a moment before—

Whack!

You yelp, lurching forward again, ass moist and stinging.

Whack!

You barely swing back in time for the next—

Whack!

A muffled wail rises from your throat as your ass heats up.

Whack! Whack! Whack!

You wince, your own eyes moistening as blow upon blow rains down on your poor ass, small yelps and squeals escaping your stuffed lips with each one.

Whack! Whack! Whack! Whack!

A pause comes, bringing a pause to your halting cries. Your wrists sting, your arms, legs, and back ache. Your ass burns.

Slam!

“HLLLGHK!”

You scream in pain as Kogasa delivers one final blow, almost knocking you off your feet with the impact.

A thick, papery object clatters to the floor.

“Just wait right there so I can fix this!”

Liquid drips from your burning ass-cheeks as Kogasa sniffles, her feet pounding away to your left.

You hear a click just before she throws herself through the door.

“Hlgh Hwey.” Youmu stars into you with soft, sympathetic eyes.

You look down, closing your eyes and trying to shut out the fire in your ass and the thought of what she’d just done.

And the thought of what you’d just done.

Your captor, your two-time rapist, just spanked you like a naughty child. You’re still rubbing your bare nipples into your naked would-be savior, the woman you just came on.

You hiccup, leaning your head into Youmu’s shoulder as a heavy shudder rolls through your body. You’ve no idea what Youmu tried to say and you couldn’t respond if you wanted to. You barely care that the nipples pressing into you are not entirely soft, or the slight trails of her juices running down your thigh. Your arms sway near her head and your legs bump into hers. You’re even okay with the drool gliding down your shoulder.

You rest there a moment, trying to shut out your numerous aches, your weakened, sore muscles, and your wounded ass.

Footsteps thump down the hallway, just before the door slams into the wall. You lift your head and open your eyes to find Kogasa carrying another leather mass, this time a navy blue with a single touch of red. She shuts and locks the door behind her, then marches to the bed, throws the leather mass onto it, and stomps to your right.

Reaching between your necks, she snaps the chain at both ends, tossing it to the floor. She then snaps the chains from Youmu’s shoulders, one at a time, disconnecting her from the rafter.

“I worked really hard on those, you know.” Kogasa mutters.

Sighing in garbled relief, you sag, staggering back. The chain your wrists hung from slides across the bar, then thumps to the floor, pooling near your feet. Exhausted, you collapse to the floor yourself, only for your beaten ass to wring a muffled scream from your throat when you land. Shivering, you lie down and roll onto your side.

“Hlh, Whlh!” Youmu twists and squirms as Kogasa hauls her up over her shoulder, only to throw her back down a few steps away. Youmu’s ass crashes into the floor by the far wall.

Kogasa spins around and marches toward you. You lift your hands up on instinct, but it doesn’t matter. She just grabs your sides and lifts you up, throwing you to the bed. You crash into the cushions, your chains clinking and even the blanket stinging your backside.

“All that work, for a stupid, mean girl like you.”

You curl back onto your side, barely getting a chance to glance at the blue leather to your left before Kogasa unlocks your first ankle cuff. You glance down your body to find the other unlocked as well. Reverently, she sets them on the floor. You pull yourself backward, down the bed.

Youmu curls into the corner of the dresser and the wall.

Kogasa picks up a long leather boot with a heel somehow longer than Youmu’s. And another series of straps with d-links down one side. You scoot to your right, away from her, only for her eyes to snap right on you.

You have barely a chance to blink before a hand shoots out and grabs your ankle, dragging you back. Wrist chain jingling, you let out a muffled, garbled screech, clawing at the blankets for purchase, flailing for something, anything to grab on to and pull yourself away as she drags you toward her.

“You don’t deserve my babies. They can do better than you.”

She stops just as your knees reach the edge. Grabbing hold of your violet boot, she tugs, hauling it off in one smooth motion. She then throws your other boot off. You kick at her, only for her to catch your foot and stuff it down one of the leather boots.

You twist and squirm, breathing hard as she forces the leather down your leg, up to your mid-thigh. She pulls the top strap tight, buckling it. One by one, she does the same for each buckle.

You hear a click. Glancing to the door, you find it hanging just slightly open. Straining your head up, around Kogasa, you find Youmu looking toward it as well.

You squirm as Kogasa pulls the second boot up, but your burning muscles dampen your efforts. Soon it, too, is buckled tight. Youmu wiggles her hips, lurching slowly around the dresser. Kogasa notices your eyes, sliding her own toward…

You kick your leather-bound legs down, into her hands, smashing them into the blanket. Her angry eyes snap back to you as she pulls a silver padlock from the pile. Forcing your thighs together, she runs it through the top links and shuts it. She grabs another and works her way down, sealing your legs together as Youmu wiggles to the next wall.

Youmu shuffles down the wall as Kogasa climbs onto the bed, crawling over you. You gulp as she unlocks your remaining shackles and sets them delicately by the pillows. In one last quaking, terrified hurrah, you plant your arms into her gut and shove. She just groans and throws your hands aside, then reaches under your back to snap your mock bra loose. Slinging it down your beaten arms, she tosses it aside and pulls a mass of blue leather straps over you.

Exhausted, beaten, and sore, you strain and squirm as she pulls them around your body and fits them into place, under the collar. But you barely slow her down, failing even to stop her from yanking the panties down your thighs to make way for the thigh straps. Panties bunched up over the top padlock, you find yourself covered in a blue version of the same diamond pattern Youmu wears.

Youmu stops by the door, sending a worried, drooling glance back your way. You give only the tiniest nod as Kogasa sets to work tightening your straps. Soon the leather bites into your skin, pushing your breasts out even more than they did Youmu’s.

It makes you look disgusting. Obscene.

And they hurt. Kogasa finishes around your crotch, tightening a pair of straps around your throbbing ass-cheeks. You hear a quiet swing and find Youmu gone. It’s only when Kogasa flips you onto your back that you realize something odd. She strapped the harness under your arms, not over.

Then she tears your gloves off, slings your arms around your sides, and presses your arms together into your back. She drags a long leather sleeve over them, with a compartment at the end that forces your hands flat against each other. She buckles a strap around your wrists, sealing your hands inside. She pulls three more straps tight, each pressing your arms tighter together.

By the time she clips the end of the sleeve into your shoulder straps, your sore arms throb in compressed pain. Her hands move to the back of your head, where they undo the straps, loosening the metal plate. She flips you onto your back again, peeling the plate off and setting it behind the pillows.

You raise your aching hips, just to keep your throbbing ass off the blanket.

A muffled squeal floats through the walls, followed by the sound of magic bullets. You lie back, praying that Youmu makes it out of that.

Kogasa grips the cotton between your teeth and yanks it out, glaring.

“You don’t even deserve these.”

For the first time in what already feels like ages, you move your lips.

“Um, Ms. Kogasa.” You give her the most disarming smile you’ve got. “I’ll be good. I promise, so don’t…” She pulls out a fat black ball with red straps. Your eyes widen. “You don’t need to do th-glph.” She shoves it between your teeth, sliding another triangle strap around your nose and pulling them tight behind your head.

With one last buckling, you find your cheeks stretched wide and yourself thoroughly muffled once more.

“You can talk later. First you have to make up for hurting my girls.”

At least there’s no pussy on it this time. You wiggle, finding both legs and arms locked tight.

She glowers, then rolls you back to your front. She wraps her hands around your waist, folding your legs together as she pulls your ass backward.

She takes a deep breath. “Look, you did some very bad things, but my babies really want to serve their purpose.” Something rustles, then a hard, metal rod slides down your crack to poke your asshole. “I can still forgive you, but it won’t be easy anymore. You’ll need to take my other half. My umbrella, that is. If you take it as deep as you can, I’ll give you a chance to be reunited with them, okay?”

You twist and squirm. “Wlgph! Wlgph!”

Kogasa groans. “Just stop, okay? You’re taking me in one way or the other.” She squeezes your burning ass. She sighs. “But, I guess if you roll over, I’ll let you take it in your cute little pussy instead.”

Your lips slide up and down the ball. 

You hold still, whimpering into the ball as Kogasa’s shaft pokes your asshole. The first drops of your drool pool on the blanket beneath you. You fidget, adjusting your arms in their constricting sleeve, but not daring to shift your legs.

You let out a quiet whine as her hand slides across your burning ass.

Then she shoves the rod. You jerk, hissing as hard, dry metal grinds into your sphincter. You hold your breath as it pushes, insistent, through tender puckered flesh.

Then it starts to make progress, grinding into you. You clench your eyes shut, biting back a wail. She twists it, scraping your asshole.

“WRRRGH!”

You scream, garbled by the gag. The rod pauses.

“That’s weird. You didn’t scream last time.”

You inhale, then groan as the rod slides away, sparing your already tender sphincter and pulling a muffled gasp of relief from your throat. You lie there, breathing in and out. Your asshole already hurts almost as much as the cheeks around it.

“Hm… You didn’t let someone else in your ass today, did you?”

You shudder, shaking your head.

“Then, why did… Oh, silly me. I forgot to lube it. Now, stay where you are, okay? I’ll be right back.”

You sniffle, naked ass still high in the air. Blinking, your dark hair matted to your face, you adjust your cramped shoulders. At least Youmu escaped, thanks in part to your efforts.

“Now, let’s just extend this tongue over here.”

You wiggle as something slurps the rod and what sounds like folded paper.

What had she meant by ‘last time’? You hadn’t seen her since the first night and the following morning. When did she…

Oh, fuck. She did impale you back then, didn’t she?

“There, all done.”

You hiss as she runs a finger down your ass again, sliding it through the crack. Inhaling, you hold your quaking hips still as she spreads your cheeks and pokes the rod against your asshole again.

“This might still hurt, so bear with it, please.”

She pushes, twisting the rod back through your abused sphincter. You whimper, wiggling slightly until it breaks through. You groan as it pushes inside, forcing your walls aside as it settles in. It’s not scraping anything anymore, but you can’t help a slight wiggle on the rod now stuffing you. Your drool pools around the ball behind your lips, clinging to your cheek.

Kogasa shifts the rod slightly, angling it down.

Then she shoves it down, slamming it in, jerking it deeper in. You gasp, then groan, wiggling your arm sleeve as it sinks down, forcing itself through you.

Kogasa moans.

You’re not entirely sure why.

Hands apparently shaking, she pulls the rod back up, halfway to the entrance. You wince, knowing what comes next.

“WLPH!”

You scream again as it crashes back through. Something folded and papery pushes into you, only to slide back out.

“HRPH!”

You scream once more, jerking forward as it stops. It pulls back, shaking, before slamming back in. You yelp, sliding forward. Her papery shaft stretches your asshole wide open.

“Ghbu!”

You let out a low whine right before she pounds into you again, no deeper than before. You choke back a sob. She pauses, twisting the umbrella before pulling it back.

“Hrrrlgh.”

She twists it back down, forcing it through your flesh. Your walls stretch, forced back around its sheer girth. You breathe, ragged, as she forces it ever deeper. Your ass burns, stuffed so tight you doubt you could even move anymore. Then it pauses. You groan, adjusting your lips around the ball as you wait for her next—

“Hlgh! Lgh! Grph!”

Kogasa pounds into you once, then twice. She pumps you over, and over, and over again. You ass bounces on her thumping, papery shaft, jerked and dragged with each hit. You twist your shoulders. Your head rolls through the spit-soaked blanket beneath you. Each time, she finds a way to sink just a little deeper. To rub and press into ever more sensitive flesh. Your whole crotch starts to burn. You yelp, groan, gasp, and whine.

“Ghlr! Mph!”

Your hips jerk forward with each hit, then slide back, following the rod they’re impaled on. She’s pounding you hard enough to make your breasts bounce even under your weight. You blink, eyes wet.

“Hfh! Lrgh! Fmph!”

Kogasa speeds up, her once smooth, slick rod starting to scrap through you again. Your harness creaks, biting even more into your flesh as her rod beats your canal, rubbing your ass raw.

“Oh, oh, oh!”

Kogasa gasps, moaning behind you. You bounce forward and back, letting out a garbled, broken keen.

“Oh! Oh ye… oh, hrrngh!” Kogasa lets out one last, loud moan as her shaking rod slows, then stops deep inside your throbbing ass.

For a quiet moment, the rod just sits there, buried deeper than you ever want to know. Kogasa collapses to the bed beside you, sweat dripping from her glistening skin, rolling down her swollen breasts. She sighs. “Was that good for you, too?”

You blink, trying to clear the tears from your eyes. You don’t answer.

“Oh, I should probably take myself out now. Silly me.”

Kogasa hops back off the bed. Wincing, you dare to look behind you. You see only a white, sandaled foot hanging off the edge of the black shaft in your ass.

You gasp as it stirs, sliding slowly up. It tugs and jerks, scratching and thumping inside you until it reaches your entrance. Then with one last, painful scrape, it slides all the way up and pops free. Kogasa licks the tip, then sets it aside.

You gasp as she strokes your ass. “You were really mean, you know. But… I guess you did a good job here. You felt even better than you taste.” Kogasa sighs.

Then drops her head into your crack.

You wail in pain, not caring how much the fat, choking ball garbles your cries.

You hiss as she rolls her head around your battered ass-cheeks, then slides her tongue back to your tender, beaten asshole. She licks it once, then twice. “I know I pounded you kinda hard, but please feel better.”

She sighs, sliding her tongue through your crack and rubbing your sore, abused ass.

Then finally, mercifully, she peels herself away. Planting her hands on your waist, she rolls you to your front. She then pulls your locked legs off your stomach, sliding them to the sheets, dropping your shins off the side.

The blanket stings your ass, so you lift your hips.

She giggles. “I’ll take your pussy later, I promise.”

You blush, confused. You glance across your protruding breasts to your raised pussy. You look away. The blankets shift as she crawls onto the bed, climbing over you. She stops, sliding her hands around and under your head and guides your eyes back to hers. Her hanging breasts sag near your eyes, with swollen nipples and raised areola. A clear, shimmering fluid trails from the flowering pussy beneath her trimmed bush, down both her thighs.

She smiles. “You did good, you know. Now, if you’ll stay good and say your apologies, I’ll take the gag out. Okay?”

You whimper, nodding your head.

“Remember, I’m trusting you here.”

She releases the buckle and, sliding the top strap down your head, pulls the ball from your mouth. You flex your jaw as she sets it down by your collar bones.

Then buckles it around your neck. You glance to it, then her.

She frowns. “I need to be able to put it back in if you misbehave, you know.”

“Now, let’s start with…” She reaches forward, swinging her heavy, clothed breasts over your face. “Ah, here we go.” She pulls a pair of shackles from the pillow, hanging them over your head. “You used these poor girls to lift yourself up. Tell them you’re sorry.”

You blink. She’s telling you to apologize to a pair of shackles. Is she insane?

She stares back, a warm smile fast fading.

You clear your throat. “Sorry! Um, I’m sorry I uh, misused you.”

She smiles again, then sets the shackles aside. She pulls out another pair. “Now, these are the girls you really hurt. The ones you tried to choke me with.”

You swallow. Kogasa’s not smiling. “I’m… sorry. I’m sorry I tried to… use you to… attack her?”

She scowls. “Say it like you mean it.”

“I’m… so sorry.” You breathe in, then out. “I should… never have done that.” Kogasa’s expression eases, but her eyes remain fixed on you. You blink, thinking. “And, and I’ll never do it again.”

Kogasa smiles again. “See? That wasn’t so hard. Now…” She sets the shackles aside and leans down, lifting your head. She plants her lips to yours, sliding her tongue inside only briefly.

There’s a sour hint to her tongue.

She pulls back, smiling with her tongue out. She rolls to the side and hops off the bed. Snatching the shackles, she throws them into the air. The umbrella flies forward, catching them inside its folded canopy.

Somehow.

“I guess you didn’t really hurt the gag, so we can leave that alone for now.” She grabs the gag and throws it to the umbrella as well. She then skips through the room, swinging her eyes from side to side.

You clear your throat. “Uh, Kogasa.” She glances back. “I made you feel good, right? Could you let me go?”

She cocks her head. “No, I don’t think so. Your bracelets and anklets need you. I’ll think about it once we’re back at my forge.”

You twist, straining to shift your arms and legs. “They’d love me more than this leather, right?”

She sighs, picking her skirt off the floor. “You betrayed them, Naoko. You did good now, but you need to do better to be reunited. Let them have their space.” She pulls the skirt up her legs, clipping it around her waist.

You arch your back, straining to peel your legs apart. They tug hard on the padlocks between them, but the effort exhausts you in seconds. Nothing. You collapse back down, wincing at the weight on your sore ass. “Could you… at least let me wear my dress again?”

Kogasa throws her shirt over her head. “No. You need to think more about what you’ve done.” She buttons it up and grabs her apron.

She pulls a chain off the ground and tosses it to her umbrella, which opens up just long enough to catch it. In that moment, you find the shackles and gag hanging from its spokes. She ties the apron back on.

She trots over to you and climbs up on the bed, beside you. She then wraps her left arm around your stomach and throws you up, over her shoulder. You land, your naked breasts bumping into her back as you stare down the back of her dress. Holding an arm tight around your leather-wrapped legs, she steps off the bed and marches to the door.

“I need you to be quiet, Naoko. Don’t say anything until I tell you.”

“Why?”

Kogasa stops, pushing the door open.

Then a hand crashes across your ass. You yelp.

“One more word and the gag goes back in.”

Whimpering, you whisper, “yes, ma’am.”

“Silly. I like your attitude, but that was two more words. Just don’t say anything else and I won’t have to get mean again.”

Kogasa turns down through the hallway, stepping around the scattered gags, cuffs, and toys. Wanting to see just about anything other than the peppy bounce of her butt, you lean up, scanning doors as she walks by an intersection.

Down that intersecting hall, you find Youmu on the ground. A head of short blonde hair leans over her, peeling a strap back with her teeth. You catch only a red dress before Kogasa carries you past and Youmu’s freed hands fumble on the floor.

Short blonde hair, red dress. Something about her nags at your mind. Have you seen her before?

You close your eyes, breathing in.

You’re not getting another chance to escape Kogasa. You need their attention, whatever Kogasa says.

Then you feel it. Kogasa’s lust reeks from her body, but it’s nothing compared to the mass nearby. The giant cloud you felt around the library. It’s close. It’s damn close, it’s moving toward you, and it’s coming from…

It approaches the hallway Kogasa carries you down.

You have exactly one chance to speak before she gags you again. You need to use it carefully. 

“Hel-OW!”

Your burning ass bounces under the force of Kogasa’s slap.

“You-” whack “-MU! Pl-” whack “lease!” whack! “HELP!”

“I said no talking!”

You take in a shaky breath, fighting back tears from your burning ass-cheeks. “Youmu, h-”

Kogasa hurls you to the ground.

“AAARGH!” You scream as your mauled, abused ass hits the barely-carpeted floor and your leather-enveloped arms hit the wooden wall. You sit, groggy, in a hallway corner with the hall you came from to your left.

Kogasa drops down, glaring, breasts sagging under her apron as she drops to her knees in front of you. Extending her hands around your neck, she unbuckles the gag.

Eyes wet, you shake your head. “YOUMU! HE-ghp!”

In seconds, she has the gag straps back around your head and buckled behind your neck. You adjust your teeth around the fat ball as she slides her hands to your sides.

“Hands off!” A bright, flat wave of light strikes the wall beside you. Youmu floats some distance behind Kogasa, still wearing the black, diamond patterned harness, high-heeled boots, and nothing else. Two sliced straps hang off the sides, near her exposed breasts. Her legs shift, the padlocks that held them together now gone. She holds her longer sword out, toward Kogasa, and carries her shorter blade readied near her hip.

Kogasa leaps to her feet and turns to face her. Youmu visibly flinches, swords shaking.

Kogasa plants her hands on her hips. “I beat her! Get your own ass!”

“You didn’t beat me.”

“Yes, I did!”

You shrink into the corner, twisting your locked arms and legs. The blonde woman floats in, behind Youmu. Her hair’s short, her dress a plain red fading to gold near the… leaf-patterned trim.

Shizuha?

Why’s she here?

“That was an ambush, not a fight!”

“But I still beat you, didn’t I?”

Shizuha hangs behind Youmu, silent.

Youmu glares, her swords stilling. “You didn’t fight me at all!” Youmu shakes her head. “Let’s see if you beat me without your stupid shackles.”

Shizuha holds her arms behind her back, pushing her small breasts out just sligh… No, there’s glowing red rings around her stomach, her shoulders, and her neck. They’re pressing her arms into herself.

Kogasa lets out a long, rolling groan. “Fine, I’ll fight you.”

Kogasa’s purple bullets appear around her, soon interrupted by another slicing beam that whooshes past you. You lean forward, shutting your wet eyes at the pressure that puts on your beaten ass. You shift your legs, straining at the padlocks. You twist to the side as golden bullets fly past, tugging at your arm sleeve.

“Hey! Two on one’s cheating!”

“So is jumping on me!”

“Gheh.” You swallow, biting into the ball behind your lips as you push, pull, and tug. Sweat coats your skin as you struggle to get your tired body out of the damn leather. Sagging into the wall, you groan, watching the fight unfold.

Your eyes widen as you find Kogasa’s umbrella sneaking up behind Youmu.

“Ghlerh! Hreh!”

Youmu floats from side to side, focused entirely on slashing at Kogasa and dodging her bullets. Shizuha’s bullets mix in, though you find her eyes dancing between Kogasa and you.

The umbrella thumps into Youmu’s back, forcing her into a purple bullet.

“Urgh!” Youmu winces, tumbling to the ground, then stumbling on her heels. She picks herself back up and floats off the ground just in time to slide around Kogasa’s next volley.

Youmu’s next slash strikes Kogasa, knocking her into the wall beside you. Kogasa recovers and throws herself back into the fight, firing at Youmu only to get struck by the loose bullets released by her next slash.

“Not so domineering anymore, huh?” Youmu shouts, a little shrill. “Can’t hurt me anymore, can you?”

“That was…”

Another couple slashes surge past, dissipating into the wall. “Where’s your weird, rubber toys now?”

Kogasa staggers between the slashes and bullets, panicking. “You came, didn’t you?”

Youmu freezes at that, barely snapping back into the fight in time to stagger away from Kogasa’s next volley.

Sharp heels click across the floor to your right. You turn to find Sakuya walking toward you. Long rips and tears run up and down her apron, shirt, and skirt. Frizzled silver hair twists and bends around her harrowed face.

She fixes her intense, glowing red eyes on you, though she struggles to hold her eyelids open. Her mouth curls into a crooked, panting grin.

“Finally,” she breathes, “found you.”

You twist back, pushing past the screaming pain as you shuffle your ass as far into the corner as you can.

“Hleh! Hleh!”

You’re not entirely sure why you’re screaming. You throw your gaze, frantic, to the fighters on your left. Red light flares around you, dying out just as you find yourself rising into the air, a red ring around your stomach.

The bullets and bursts to your left die out.

“Hey! I saw her first!”

Sakuya turns to Kogasa. Barely a second or two later, the ring around you winks back out, dropping you on your beaten ass. Again. You groan in garbled pain.

Sakuya stumbles forward, then crashes to the ground in front of you. The hallway corner holds still a moment. You blink, stunned.

Then an inky black mass rises out of her, eddies of bright red light running through it.

It resolves into the form of a tall, imperious woman in a blue dress with six white wings on her back and a long mane of white hair flowing from her head. A vaguely shield-shaped icon adorns the front, with flowing white sleeves extending out.

She sighs. “An, angel of death. One of my, favorite, entries.” She looks down on you, licking her twitching lips. “Now, Honda. Follow… follow me.”

Shivering, you shake your head.

The purple umbrella rockets forward and slams into her, pressing her to the wall.

“Back off!” Kogasa pants. “I. Saw. Her. FIRST!”

The woman tuts, yanking the umbrella off and shoving it away. “I don’t need your entry, umbrella.” She then fires a series of bright white beams down the hall, accompanied by a swarm of roaming white balls. Kogasa squeals and leaps away from them while Youmu weaves between them, but many more follow behind.

Youmu’s first slash at the new woman hits the wall just as you find some of the balls wandering close to you.

“Ghwo! Ghwo!” You twist, struggling to shuffle away from them. In desperation, you remember your limited flight capabilities. Straining, you tug at the energy inside, trying to remember your experience. Beams and small balls litter the hall as the feeling comes back and you give the power a tug.

Nothing.

Twisting, you try again. Every attempt makes it fizzle and fade away. You groan, giving up.

“I’ll slice you apart, villain!”

Your eyes fly wide as a beam slams into the wall beside you.

You gurgle and twist again, arching your legs and pushing against the wall. With a few jerking shifts, you get your stilted feet beneath you and lift yourself slightly up. Then a loose ball hits your gut, dropping you back to the floor as you double over. Groaning, you thank the stars you landed on your side this time.

But more balls approach, alongside a… gold and red cloud? Leaves. A cloud of leaves gathers around you, clinging to your skin and the leather atop it before forming into a familiar red and gold dress. You send a puzzled glance back in Shizuha’s general direction, only to find the white swarms obscuring her.

Then you lift in the air, carried by the dress. You lurch through the bullets, grazing several and slamming into one before passing through them entirely and finding the hallway Kogasa had carried you through. Shizuha flies away from you in only a deep red bra and pair of panties, decorated in gold.

Her arms join at the elbow, running down her back in a pattern very similar to what the sleeve does to your own. Glowing red rings around her wrists and elbows pin her arms tight against her back, pressing one hand into her crack.

She glances back, dropping to the ground to body-slam a door, throwing it open. She glances in, then turns on her heel. The dress carrying you slows to a stop as she glances ahead and behind you, then she sprints forward. The dress carries you close behind her as she bounces from intersection to intersection, slamming seemingly random doors open and peeking through them.

The red rings flicker.

She stops again, wiggling. The red rings around her flicker again, then shatter, dissipating into the cool air. She pauses, rubbing her neck and flexing her suddenly free arms. “Finally.”

“Ghlr?”

“Shh!” Shizuha pauses, listening. She then spins on her heel and races forward. A moment later, she throws a door open and rushes in. You find yourself floating through shortly after, into a small, quiet bedroom much like the one that Kogasa…

Shizuha shuts the door behind you, locking it. Another oak dresser sits at one wall, another red bed across from it. Candles, hanging from the wall, bathe the room in a soft pink glow. You’re not entirely sure how it gets that color. The dress drops you on the bed before disintegrating again. You find the leaves gathering and reforming the dress around Shizuha, standing in front of you.

She scowls, then swings forward, onto the bed over you, and plants her hands by your sides.

You shrink back. She snatches you by the gag straps and slips her hands behind your head. She snaps it loose, popping the ball free, and peels it away. Throwing it aside, she stares into your eyes.

“Where the hell were you?”

You sink into the blanket, lip trembling. “I, I don’t…” You inhale. “Where was I when?”

“All of yesterday! Where did the bird take you? How did Aya find you? Where did she take you? And how did you end up here?”

“I don’t know!” You hiccup, wiggling your cramped shoulders. “How did you get here?”

“I got pos- no, we don’t have time for this. Roll over.”

Kogasa’s previous demands float through your mind.

“…Why?”

“God damn it, Naoko.” Shizuha glares down at you, plants her hands under your left side, and shoves upward, rolling you onto your front. Leather straps creaking as they bite into your skin, you rest, naked breasts pressed into the blanket.

A moment of silence descends, following by a slender finger poking your sore ass. You groan, wincing.

“…What the hell happened to your ass?”

“I, I…” You sniffle. Kogasa’s shouts rattle through your mind.

“Forget it.” Shizuha’s hands slide across your back, to your shoulders. With a flew flicks, she detaches the straps from your collar, then works down. One strap at a time, she loosens the sleeve’s constricting pressure, then pulls it off. “Whatever happened, happened. If you don’t tell me, that’s less I have to lie to Ayame about.”

You flex your arms, nestling your head in the blanket as you breathe in a sigh of relief. You roll onto your left side, staring up into Shizuha’s eyes. You sniffle, smiling. “Th-thanks for saving me, Shizuha.”

She turns her head. “Until you’re out of this forsaken mansion and back in the damn village, I haven’t saved shit. Now…” She steps back and squats down, staring at the back of your blue, padlocked boots. “I can’t pick locks or break steel.” She runs a finger up the boots, then to underside of your bare thighs.

She plants both hands between your thighs and tugs, pushing them to the limit that your padlocks allow. She lets go and pokes at the top straps. “You’ve got the umbrella spirit and the book monster on your ass. Any other local enemies I should know about?”

You breathe out. “I… I don’t think so.”

“What about the bird, is she still a problem?”

“No.”

“And her henchwoman?”

You shudder. “I… I…” Your ass still stings, you’re still wearing the harness Kogasa forced you into. A metal collar, engraved with your own name, still rests around your neck. Even her damn boots still trap your legs together. Wriggle or her bugs could be just outside the walls, waiting. You shiver, hiccupping. “I don’t…”

You sniffle, chest trembling. Just how many people have been inside you now? How many have you been forced to, to…

You swallow, eyes wet, breath quaking. No. You wrap your arms around your belly. No, you can’t break down now. Shizuha was right. Until you’re out… You hiccup.

Shizuha groans. “Oh, come on. I, you… it’ll be… it might be okay. We just have to get the hell out of here before anyone else can hurt us, right?”

Shivering, you force a smile. “…Right.”

“Good, now let’s just get you out of this shit first.” Shizuha moves from your boots to your harness, sliding her hands under your metal collar to loosen the leather one underneath.

Shivering as Shizuha works on your back straps, you’re too tired to tug your mock panties back up.

You let out a slow, shaky sigh as your first tear hits the blanket. As Shizuha works on your straps, you try to focus. To shut out Kogasa’s voice, touch, and the feel of her umbrella stuffing your ass. You could try to leave right now, but what happens with the book if you do? Can you still count on this mansion to keep it under control? And what about Youmu? You’d been forced to leave her alone with Kogasa and the monster. What will Yuyuko think if you just leave? 

You shudder, exhaling as Shizuha snaps a few straps open. Snapping the leather collar loose, she peels the whole harness out from under metal collar above it and off your body.

She runs a hand along the metal collar, behind your head. She fiddles with a moment, then hisses. “We’ll have to get this off later.”

You rub your bare belly as she sets it aside. “Shizuha, we need to stay.”

Her eyes snap to you, narrowing. Kind of like Kogasa, just before she… you shrink back. “Youmu needs our help, at least.”

“Who?”

“The swordswoman. White hair, fought alongside you?”

She growls. “Just leave her be. We can’t save her anyway.”

You gulp. “But we could wake the mistress—”

She turns on you, glaring. “Mistress?”

You stutter, shifting your locked legs. “Of the mansion! The mansion. Not of me.”

That, at least, won’t change. Right?

“She’ll wake up on her own eventually.”

You run your hands over your boots, poking at the thigh straps. “I… made a deal with someone powerful.” You breathe in and out, slowly. “Very powerful. That’s why Youmu’s even here. If she finds out I just left her…”

Shizuha breathes in, sharp and impatient. “Okay, fine. We’ll talk to this damn mistress. But we’re just going to wake her up, then we leave.”

You shrink back. You really should object. Shizuha would listen. She’s not Kagerou, or Kogasa, or Wriggle, or… you sniffle. “O… okay.”

“Good, now…” Shizuha pokes and prods at the straps again. A moment later something clips behind your right leg and the boot loosens. “Finally.” She unbuckles it, then your left. Then she works her way down, loosening each strap around your boots. She finishes by gripping your heels. She tugs.

Doing what you can, you grip their edges and push. Still locked together, the boots slide off your legs. Shizuha tosses them aside, wiping her brow. She spins and rushes to the dresser. Throwing it open, she roots through it, then pulls out…

Another dark blue maid dress, complete with apron.

A symbol of servitude. Like the cold metal of Kogasa’s collar that still sits around your neck, still wearing your name. You shake your head.

You pull yourself off the bed, heave a slow, sad sigh, and pull the lacy fabric of your false panties up over your crotch. You wince as the triangles rub against your sore ass. The one you got for attacking your last master—no, captor. Shizuha turns toward you, then freezes. She stares down at your exposed pussy, then brings her flat gaze to your eyes.

Blushing, you look aside. “I… had no choice.”

“That’s just the story of your life, isn’t it?” Shizuha tosses the dress to the bed, then returns to the dresser. “Put that on while I find something appropriate.”’

“Are you sure I should take this without ask…”

“Or what? Walk around the halls naked? With your aura?”

“…Sorry I asked.” You gulp and sit up, pushing down with your thighs to keep the pressure off your tender ass. You pull the dress over your torso, sliding the cotton over your bare breasts. Okina won’t mind you losing her mock bra, would she? Or replacing the mock panties?

“Damn it!” Shizuha shuts the dresser, spinning back to face you. “No underwear. Hey, can you walk?”

You stand up, wobbling just slightly as your legs get used to holding your weight again. You pat down your painfully short, frilly skirt, but give Shizuha a tentative smile. “Yes.”

“Good. Let’s go.”

Shizuha unlocks the door, peeks out, then motions forward as she steps through. You follow her out into the halls as she turns to her left. You take a deep breath, jogging forward to grab her left hand. She glances back, her flat eyes laser-focused on the hand you’re holding, her face pink.

You blush. “I can sense when… dangerous people are near, but I can’t pay attention to where you’re going while I do.”

She grunts, then looks forward again, grasping your hand back. You sigh in relief, then close your eyes, trying to concentrate as her hand sways and your feet cycle. The biggest mass is… somewhere. You try to focus harder, but the rhythm of your feet, the effort put into moving forward, distracts you. All you feel is a vaguely muddy sensation all around you.

Groaning, you open your eyes again. Shizuha glances back. You shake your head. “Sorry, I can’t feel it right now.”

She grunts. “It can’t be too close, then.” Then she stops in the middle of a four-way intersection, eyes bouncing from hall to hall.

The way her eyes flit between them worries you. “Um, where are we…”

She groans. “Naoko, how do you get to this master?”

You stop, rubbing your hip. They all look the same. “We just need to find some stairs up, maybe?” Sakuya never let you get there on your own…

She turns to the right.

You close your eyes, trying to concentrate again. Trying to shut out your exertion, the way Shizuha clenches your hand, and the way your ‘panties’ and the frills above them slide across your ass. Shizuha stops. You peel your eyes open to find Sakuya, groaning and leaning against the wall.

She sighs. “There you are.” She takes a breath, her blue eyes fluttering. “The intruder’s fled to cover.” She inhales. “The mistresses can handle it, but we need to strike before it causes further havoc. We…”

Shizuha hisses. “We’re on the way. Just tell us where this damn mistress is.”

She exhales. “That would be difficult. I can, however, guide you.”

“Fine. Naoko, carry her.”

You let go, blinking.

“I’m apparently the only person here who can fight worth a damn, so I need to keep lookout.”

You hesitate, a queasy feeling rising from your gut at her tone. But she’s right, so you nod, rushing over to Sakuya’s side and sliding her right arm across your left shoulder. Wrapping your own right arm around her side, you march forward.

She parts her lips, oddly slow. “Turn left, then up the stairs to your right.”

Following her directions, you make your way through the halls to a short, wide passage lined with portraits and elaborate busts, ending with a similarly wide door made of rich mahogany. You raise your hand to toward the door.

Shizuha steps in front and shoves it open.

She stomps in and you, still half-carrying Sakuya, follow.

Sakuya shifts, then pulls her arm away, separating from you as she makes slow, shaking steps toward the giant, plush bed before you.

Like the other beds, dark, rich woods frame this one, but with far more care to the shapes and patterns carved into it.

And decorated in gold.

A deep, scarlet carpet covers the floor, with elaborate candles hanging from the walls and long, wide portraits flanking the bed. Women you don’t recognize stare down from them, proud, imperious, and wearing impossibly elaborate dresses. Sakuya wobbles toward the bed, teetering. Then she collapses into the carpet, one hand barely reaching the blanket.

You exchange glances with Shizuha. She sighs and jogs toward the bed. You follow after.

Reaching the bed, you press a hand to the lump. “Um, Ms. Remilia, I think it was? Please…”

Shizuha presses her hand to the lump. “Hey, Remilia. Wake up.”

The lump stirs. Shizuha plants a hand in the blanket,tapping her foot.

“Ngh, eight more minutes…”

You rub the lump. “Ms. Remilia, please, the mansion needs you.”

“’course it needs me… I’m the… mistress. Why wouldn’t it…” She dozes off.

You groan, turning to face Shizuha. She stares back, flat.

Shizuha clears her throat. “I’ll handle this. I should…”

“I’ll do it.”

Shizuha frowns. You offer a defensive smile and a shrug. Her impatience worries you.

If there’s one person you need in a good mood right now, it’s this woman.

You lean forward and shake the lump, hard. “Lady Remilia, please. Please wake up.”

It stirs again, revealing a pair of squinted eyes behind a fluffy mess of lavender hair. “Wha… you’re… you’re not Sakuya. Why are you here?” It stirs and shuffles, then throws the blanket off.

Remilia lies before you, wearing a soft pink nightgown. She throws her arms out as a long, loud yawn tears itself from her wide-open, fanged mouth. A pair of slender black bat wings fold out behind her.

The teeth pull together again as her lips close and the wings fold behind her back. She stares blearily up at you. “Hey, I’ve… seen you before. Where did… oh, the new familiar.”

Her eyes slide across your body, hovering a moment on your collar. She shrugs and hauls herself up, hunching forward. Scratching her back, she looks around, then peers over the bed’s edge, locking her eyes on Sakuya, who now sprawls out on the floor beneath her. “What’d you do to my maid?”

You freeze. “Nothing! We didn’t do anything. The book showed up, and, and…”

Remilia giggles, her tone dropping as she does so. “Oh, did it, now?” She sighs. “Urgh, fine. Dress me.”

You stare. “Excuse me?”

She stares back, eyes flat. “Do you have cotton in your ears? Get my pajamas off and get me in my day dress.”

Your gut twists at that tone.

Shizuha jogs forward, around to the bed’s opposite side. “I’ll dress you. Naoko, get the—”

“No. She woke me, she’ll dress me. You can fetch my clothes.”

“Look, Remilia, y—”

A spear of bright, red light flashes to existence inside her open, outstretched hand. “Fetch the clothes, girl.”

Shizuha lets out a strangled groan, then turns on her heel toward the ornate sliding door at the far-left wall. Remilia turns her irritated gaze your way. “Well? Get working.”

An objection rises to your throat only for the memory of Kogasa’s wrath to choke it back down. “…Yes, Ms. Remilia.”

Slowly, you climb onto the bed. She huffs, presenting her back. You find a couple buttons just under the neck, but above a long slit through which a pair of slender black wings extend. You pop the buttons open, opening the dress nearly all the way down her back. She lifts her arms, crossing them above her head.

Taking the cue, you slide your hands down her sides to grip the edge of her dress, then pull upward, over the wings. You turn your head as your work exposes her pale, nearly porcelain skin. Pulling it up and off her arms, you set it beside her. Peeking back, you find a dearth of underwear anywhere on her off-white body. Though her figure does take you aback, if only slightly.

Her body, while clearly small and delicate, displays a definite curve to both her hips and her chest that you’d never have expected. As petite as her form ultimately is, it’s not the child’s body you anticipated.

“Hey, blondie, where’s the dress?”

You pause, looking to the open door. Shizuha stands there, head turning from side to side.

“Which one do you want?”

“Hm…” Remilia pauses. “I guess you wouldn’t be smart enough to pick for me.” She thinks another moment, apparently unconcerned about her nude form. “I’ll take the one with the red and gold trim today.”

“Which one is… oh, whatever.”

“If you’re lying about anything, you know what will happen, don’t you?”

You shudder, feeling a familiar cadence in her demeanor. “Punishment?”

She licks her lips. “You know what? I like that idea. In fact…”

Shizuha emerges, carrying a pink mass of fabric with only hints of red or gold. She drops it on the bed. You look between them both. “What about the, uh…” Your eyes slide across her bare back. “Undergarments?”

She turns to you, exposing a soft, red nipple atop a perky but small breast. “Why? Do I make you nervous?”

You twist your head away. “Uh, Shizuha, could you please…”

“You need proper panties more than she does, Naoko.”

“Oh?”

You squeak. “Shizuha, please just get her a pair.”

“Fine, your highness.”

“Is my visitor going commando now? You wouldn’t happen to be one of those types, would you?”

“No! Not technically.” You pause, swallowing. “What… what types?”

“You know, the sorts who like to be seen.” A finger runs up your back. “You look a little cute in a maid dress, but maybe you’d prefer to be outside it?”

“N-no! We couldn’t find any.”

“Did you not bring any yourself?”

“I, I did…”

“She lost it, princess.”

You turn to find Shizuha dumping a pair of white panties with a red ribbon by Remilia’s bare legs. Remilia tuts. “I’m not sure I like your tone, young lady. Now,” she turns to you, “help me get this on, will you?”

She sits on the edge opposite you. You sigh, step off the bed, and walk around it. Standing before her, you pull the panties off the sheets. Pulling the holes open, you place it by her ankles. She slips her feet inside and you pull it up her slender legs, to her smooth, bare…

You turn away and let it snap around her crotch.

Turning back, you find her eyes boring down into you, expectant. She motions with her eyes to the dress lying before her. You pause. “No bra, Ms. Remilia?”

She shakes her head, mouth shut but eyes sharp and now floating toward your skirt. You sigh, grab the dress, and pull it to the air, unfolding it. It’s just like her previous one, but with a two-tone trim. Shiny golden on the outside with a wider strip of rich, dark red on the inside.

Reversing the process, you pull it over her head, down her smooth body, the wings now flattened to her back, and the stiff… the rest of her body. She hops away, swishing it and giggling. She stops, facing away from you.

“Buttons.”

You groan, but step forward, off the bed, and snap a trio of dark, shiny buttons between the wings and her neck.

She turns back and salutes you. “Good work girls. Neither of you are cut out to be proper handmaids just yet, but given time…” She sighs, stretching her arms. “Now, it sounds like the two of you have made a bit of a mess. Would you both be dears and make sure you clean up any of what you left behind?”

Remilia hops away, shutting the door behind her.

You turn to Shizuha. She looks back, face hard.

“We woke her up. Now let’s get the hell out of here.” 

“Just a moment.”

Shizuha pauses, staring at you.

You look down to Sakuya’s prone form. “Help me out with her, okay?”

Shizuha groans. “Fine.”

Gently cradling Sakuya’s neck, you pull her head to your bust as Shizuha grabs her legs. You slide your hands under her back for support as the two of you haul her off the floor. Slowly, gently, the two of you shift and rotate her, then deposit her on the bed, setting her head on the pillow. After nudging her far enough in to ensure she won’t fall off, you pull the blanket over and up to her chest, then turn back toward the door.

“Okay. With that done, we just need one more thing.”

Shizuha grabs your wrist. “No. We’re done. This mansion’s already gotten more than it deserves from both of us.”

Shizuha turns and walks toward the door, dragging you with her. It’d be a lie to say the thought’s unappealing, but other concerns fight against your defensive instincts. Images of the white-winged demon from before float through your mind. Then to Kosuzu and the black, cock-shaped tongue she…

You stop as Shizuha reaches the door. She turns back, eyes sour and flat. “Come on, Naoko. We’re leaving.”

“…No.”

“Excuse me?”

You jolt. She’s starting to sound like… them. Her glare reminds you of them, too. But you can’t.

For a moment, you stand there, under her glare.

Then she pauses, stuttering. “I… I mean…” She looks down. “I’m sorry.”

You give a pained, wincing smile and part your lips. “It’s… fine. But I need to do this.”

“Do you?”

“What if Remilia loses?”

“Does it matter?”

You blink. “Of course, it does! It tracked me all the way here. If it wins, it will find me again. If that happens, if…” You wrap your arms around yourself, shivering. “It will claim me.”

Shizuha lets out a strangled groan. “I… Urgh.” She takes a long, deep breath. “You… could be right. Fine. Fine. If you think this other stupid errand will help, I’m… here for you, I guess.” She throws the door open and gestures to the hall. “Lead the way, Naoko.”

Calming down, you nod. You walk forward, past her and into the hall. You walk past the busts and portraits, to the first intersection. You glance left and right, fidgeting with the collar around your neck.

You have no idea where the basement is.

At random, you pick the right and walk down, watching for stairs. You do this several more times, turning left, then left, then right again and into a curving hall. You find one flight of stairs downward and take it to the lower floor.

You reach another intersection, with a hall extending to your left. You peer down it, only for a fairy to barrel into you, forcing you back.

“Found her!”

Four fairies pour into the hall from nearby doors, one carrying a pair of cuffs while another carries a stout pink shaft. A burst of red and yellow bullets flies out from beside you, popping them all just before they get the cuffs open. You turn back to see Shizuha’s scowl.

“Hurry, Naoko. There’s going to be more where that came from.”

You keep going, taking turn after turn after turn. You find and take one more flight downstairs, but nothing seems to change. Then you catch a brief flutter of a green dress with bright pink trim, disappearing into an open door on your right.

You stretch a hand out. “Wait!”

No response. Feeling otherwise lost and clueless, you rush after it and into the room. There’s no beds in this one, just a smooth wooden floor with a few stools and easels. And another open door to in the far-left corner.

You creep along the wall and peer into the door, finding a tight closet with a broom, a fat but narrow roll of shiny silver fabric, and a row of towels hanging from the walls. You step inside and run your hands through the towels, finding only stone wall behind them.

Stone? Not the wood and plaster behind you? And for that matter, something about the contents seems inappropriate for the room behind you.

“Naoko, what the hell are you doing?”

You turn around to find Shizuha behind you, standing inside the doorway.

“I thought I saw someone running—”

A hand slides along the door’s edge, from someone standing behind it. Another hand slides out, under the one gripping the door, and hovers behind Shizuha.

“Shiz—!”

The hand shoves Shizuha forward, knocking her head into your bust as the other hand presses the door closed. Shizuha’s arms cling to your back for a moment, before her warm, shuddering breath rustles through your dress and she pulls herself back.

She rests her back against the door and you press yours to the wall. You still feel her body shift against your hips and breasts. Only a sliver of light creeps in from under the door, making shapes difficult to read. Shizuha groans.

“What the hell just happened?”

You shake your head. “I… I don’t know.”

She grunts. “Whatever. Let’s just get out of here.” She wraps a hand around the knob and turns, opening the door back into the…

Hallway? A dimly lit hall extends straight in both directions, with no visible doorways this time. More red carpets run along the floor, with matching paper on the walls. But under that paper lies smooth-cut stone.

Shizuha steps out and you follow. She glances back your way.

“Is this it?”

Your mouth flounders. “I… don’t know.”

She groans. “What, exactly, are you looking to do, anyway?”

“Get the other mistress, of course.”

“The other mistress.”

“Remilia’s younger sister. Back in the library, Sakuya—”

Shizuha’s face shifts from flat to alarmed. “Sakuya told you to do this.”

“…Yes?”

“The same woman who was possessed by the book?”

You stop. Sakuya was the puppet? She is where the white and blue angel came from, but… Her?

You stutter. “She only wanted me to visit Flandre…” If she was possessed when she suggested it, she would have wanted you down here, wouldn’t she? “You’re… You might be right. Maybe we should turn b—”

“Oh, come on! You just got here!”

You freeze, as does Shizuha. You turn around to find a young woman, rather similar in build to Remilia, save slightly longer legs and a bit more curve to her bust. Messy blonde hair ripples around her face, hanging past her chin, with one side tied into a tail, all topped by a white cap.

And a pair of twisting, long black spikes extend out from the back of her frilly red dress, with rainbow-colored crystals hanging from each one. You’ve seen those things before, in the memento.

You shudder, swallowing as you struggle not to hide behind Shizuha. Flandre Scarlet stands before you.

She blinks, frowning. “I’m right here! If you want to say…”

She blinks again, staring at your neck. You open your mouth just as she hops forward and runs her hands along Kogasa’s collar. You flinch as her long, sharp nails graze your neck. “Na, o, ko. Huh.”

She pauses, looking up into your eyes.

“Is that your original name, or sis’s idea?”

“It’s m—”

“Oh, who am I kidding?” She lets go. “It sounds kinda dumb, but nowhere near dumb enough to be hers. She’d call you Emerald or Betsy, I bet.”

“It’s not d—”

“Hmm…” She fingers her chin, looking you up and down. “I know I haven’t been cleaning my room, but I didn’t think she’d go this far.” She walks around you. “Hey, are you good at games?”

“What s—”

A hand slides up your side, then skips to your shoulder, running down your arm. “What about cooking? Any good dishes you know?”

“Not r—”

“Ooh, ooh. Pasta!” She walks in front of you, squeezing your biceps. “Wait, that’s stupid. Sakuya makes it all the time.” She hops down, scrutinizing your skirt and poking at your thighs. “Soup. You’ve gotta make a good soup if you stay down here.”

“I don’t w—”

She flips your skirt up. A quiet wheeze slips from your slack jaw and scarlet face. Her eyes flatten.

“Oh, that’s what she had in mind.” She pulls herself to her feet, eyes flattening. “Sorry, maids are sis’s thing, not mine, but…” She circles behind you, sliding a hand down your back.

Then she pats your ass. “Hm. You’re okay, I guess. A little plush for my tastes, but if I really need a hand—hey!”

Startled, you spin around to find Shizuha’s hand locked around the girl’s wrist.

Shizuha glowers. “Hands. Off.”

The girl pauses, the crystals hanging from her spikes barely shifting. Then she clears her throat.

“Uh… hey, angel. Which heaven did you fall from?”

Shizuha blinks, her face twisting in odd directions. You take a step away.

“Are… are you hitting on me?”

“What? No! I just want to have hot sex with you.” She idly jerks her wrist out from Shizuha’s grip, then rubs her hands. “…Is it working?”

“No.”

A moment passes. Flandre clears her throat and extends a hand toward Shizuha. “Uh, well… I’m Flandre Scarlet, pleased to meet you.”

“Shizuha.” Shizuha holds her arms still.

You take a breath. “Uh, Ms. Flandre, we need y—”

“Later.”

“Naoko’s right, Flandre. W—”

“How about we give this girl back, and I just take you instead?”

“I’m not up for bargaining.”

You step to the side, finding Flandre pouting.

“But she’s boring. You’re so much prettier.”

Shizuha stammers. “…Pretty?”

Flandre sighs. “Very pretty… Hey, wanna fuck yet?”

“Excuse me?”

“Oh, come on! Please?”

You need to step in. You know what it’s like to be where Shizuha is. How painful, how scary it is. But Kogasa’s beating still ripples through your mind, holding your tongue.

Flandre grabs Shizuha’s wrist and starts walking away. Shizuha stands still, then finds herself knocked off her feet as Flandre progresses. Shizuha grabs the hand on her wrists and tugs, then tries to pry Flandre’s fingers off. As far as you can tell, Flandre doesn’t even notice. Timid, you walk behind them.

“Hey, I’m getting bored. Let’s play a game.”

Shizuha pants, stumbling at Flandre’s forced pace and still trying to pry the girl’s hand off. “Wh-what sort of game?”

“Hm…” Flandre rubs her chin. “Oh, how about house?”

“You… you want to play house? Sure, why not?”

“Awesome! I’ll be the husband, you be the wife. We’ll start out as…” She pauses, glancing your way. “Scratch that. Let’s play poker instead. No, strip poker.” She waggles her eyebrows. “I caught sis playing that with a guest the other day. Oh man, you should have seen her face.”

Flandre stops before another wide door and throws it open, revealing a wide, rather extravagant room with a pale pink carpet and a bed with a plush, dark crimson blanket and a pile of pillows. Shelves line the walls, filled with dolls, stuffed animals, and toys you’ve never seen before. Bits of torn fabric, loose stuffing, and broken ceramic litter the spaces between each item as well as the floor beneath them.

A cold tingle runs up your back, from your waist to your neck.

Flandre folds her arms, scanning the room. “You know what? Card games are too slow. We need something exciting. Like uh… tag. Or truth or dare, maybe hide and go seek?”

She then lets go of Shizuha and trots forward, still mumbling about what to play. Flandre taps her foot. “Oh, and the loser, uh, has to do what the winner says.” She turns and gives Shizuha a wink.

Shizuha glances your way, mouthing ‘help.’ 

You wring your hands. Flandre wants to play with Shizuha and you, somehow, must stop her. Or at least stall her.

“Ms. Flandre?”

Her eyes twist back to you, narrow. You swallow.

“You… want Shizuha to play with you, right?”

She shakes her head. “I want her to fuck me.” Shizuha takes a step back. “But playing works too, I guess. Maybe something where we rub up against each other.”

“Of course. Of course.” You’re sweating. “But if someone… possesses her, and that thing wants me more, she won’t do that, right?”

She frowns. “You want me to do something, don’t you.”

“I…” You shiver. “Do you want to keep playing with her?”

Shizuha’s eyes jump to you, glaring.

Flandre spins and puts a finger to her chin. “Yeah, I guess so.”

“Well, the intruder—”

“Ugh. That again? Why do you have to keep bringing it up?”

“It might possess her again!”

Flandre blinks. “Oh, really? Why didn’t you say so?”

You sigh, relief flooding you. “Maybe you could play some game with it?”

She looks up, head and hips swaying from side to side. Then she levels her eyes back on you. “Okay! But you better still be here when I’m back!”

You nod. Shizuha just glares at you.

“Oh, one more thing!” She hops over to Shizuha. Shizuha takes a step back as Flandre grabs her wrist. The vampire slides a hand behind Shizuha’s head and pulls her in for a kiss.

“Mph! Gph!” Shizuha twists and squirms in Flandre’s arms. Wet, muffled pops and pants sound from them. “HPH!” Shizuha writhes, beating and kicking against Flandre. Then, finally, they part. Flandre pulls back, letting out a happy sigh just before she turns toward the door, carrying Shizuha with her.

Shizuha tugs on her wrist. Flandre glances back, then shrugs and lets go. She turns back to the door, then back to Shizuha. Shizuha steps back.

“Uh, hey, hey! What kind of intruder is it? Is it a monster? Is it big and scary?”

Shizuha groans. “It’s a book.”

Flandre sighs. “Oh, is that all? Books are boring.” She takes a step toward Shizuha.

“It’s also scary! It possesses people, it overpowered a swordswoman.”

You clear your throat. “It also beat Patchouli.”

“Oh, really?” She hums and haws, then spins on her heel. “See you two later, hot stuff and present girl!”

And just a moment later, she’s gone. You glance at Shizuha, she frowns back. You swallow.

“She… she wanted you, not me.”

A quiet, brittle laugh wheezes through her lips. “You’re not offended, are you?”

“I’m…” You blink. Now that she’s gone, now that you have time to process it… You don’t know what to think. “No. But, what now?”

Shizuha grabs your wrist and turns toward the door. “Now we get the hell out of here.” She takes a step forward. You hold back.

She glances back, frowning deeper.

You look around at the busted dolls, scattered stuffing and ceramic, and loose ribbons. “That’s not the deal. If she finds out…”

Shizuha tugs on your wrist. “She won’t if we hurry. Now let’s move.”

You rub your ass. It still stings, both inside and out. Kogasa’s cold, unyielding metal still decorates your neck. “N-no. We… we can’t. It never, it never works. We sh—”

Shizuha tugs on your wrist again, harder. “We are not staying here, Naoko.”

“No, we have to. We made a deal.”

She lets go. “You made a deal.” She glares, eyes visibly moist. “I’m not fucking her for you, Naoko.”

“I… I…”

She groans. “You know what? You want to stay here? Fine. But I’m not.”

She storms off, racing through the open door and slamming it shut behind her. You blink.

“You-we-I…”

For a moment you just stand there, baffled. What now? What should you—no, what could you do? If Flandre comes back and finds only you, what would she…

You can’t let that happen.

You stagger forward, then jog. Tossing the door open again, you turn left and sprint down the hall.

Shizuha, Shizuha, Shizuha. Where did she go? Where did Flandre go? If she sees what you’re doing, what will she…

She won’t care, probably. If she finds Shizuha running, though…

You shake your head, then run toward a dead end. Spinning on your heel, you find an intersection to your left and sprint down it. You can’t hear any footsteps. You close your eyes and concentrate, preparing to open them again as the muddy…

Whatever fogged up your senses before is gone. Small pinpricks of lust dot the halls above you as a slightly denser mass moves up…

A flight of stairs, on your level. Focusing on that location, you open your eyes and wind around the halls until you find it. Your feet grow heavy and their pounding strikes send unpleasant ripples through your sore ass, but you keep going.

Climbing the stairs, you find a pair of massive doors swung wide open, into the better-lit halls you remember. A small fairy pack scatters, throwing doors open as they duck into nearby rooms.

Those toys still litter the floor as you turn and jog to the right. A red bit gag, a pair of cuffs, a dark armbinder…

You shake your head and close your eyes. Two pinpricks float out from the rooms behind you. You hear a shuffle as…

You throw your eyes open, spin around and fire…

A single, wobbling heart that makes it only a few feet before evaporating. You hiss, your magic still exhausted from your previous fight. You spin on your heel and—

“Get her!”

You spin back and sprint, pounding your aching, burning legs. You take a deep, hungry gulp of air and raise your hands to your mouth, preparing your lungs to…

To do what? Call for help? Is that really a—

A loud pop sounds behind you. You glance back to find only two fairies and—

One of them, a lanky blonde, snaps a red ribbon leash to the metal collar on your neck and gives it a tug, only forleaves and orange lights sail through the air, popping both her and her buddy. Amid the fading, glittering lights, Shizuha marches toward you, sweating and panting.

“Sister damn it, Naoko! I turn around for five minutes and you’re almost overwhelmed by fairies?”

You let out a shaking, relieved breath. “You’re back. Does that mean…”

She turns on her heel and marches forward. “It means I’m taking you with me.”

In an instant, something tugs on your collar, pulling you forward. You look up to find Shizuha’s hand gripping your leash.

She blinks, looking down. She drops the leash like a hot coal and throws her gaze down. Then rushes close and unclips it. Hurling it to the side, she turns around and gestures forward. “Let’s… let’s go. Now.”

“But… I can’t. They’ll find me. When they find me, they’ll…”

“I’m leaving, Naoko. Now, would you rather leave with me, or wait for that brat empty-handed?”

You stumble slightly, but soon fall into her rhythm, passing a long parade of candles on your way down an impossibly long, wide hallway. She’s… she might be right. Pissing off powerful women never seems to do any good, but without Shizuha, that’s going to happen anyway.

You rub your aching ass and find your eyes sliding, ever so subtly, to the swish and bounce of Shizuha’s dress across her own smooth backside.

You both freeze as an explosion echoes down the halls. Shizuha twitches.

You sigh. “Where is that?”

You pause, then shut your eyes. You’ve got this. It’s…

Shizuha sprints forward, dragging you with her. “We’re not about to find out.” She grunts, hauling you around a corner.

You stumble and pump your legs, struggling to keep up with your tethered wrist. Only when the noises fade further into the distance does she slow down. The two of you stop to catch your breath.

A scarlet armbinder and matching ball gag rest atop the hallway carpet.

You wipe your sweating brow, still worried about Flandre’s wrath. “It can’t be too bad, can it, Shizuha?”

She stares back, sour.

“Maybe I could bargain her down. We can still work something out, can’t w—”

She turns on her heel, scoops up the gag, and steps up to you, close enough for her dress to graze your apron. She presses the ball to your cheek, eyes narrow. “One more word and this goes right between your teeth, understand?”

In an instant, you’re whimpering. Quiet, you nod.

She pulls it back. “Good. Now, this way.” She grabs your wrist and pulls. You only budge, your mind trapped in a shaken stupor.

She then sighs, tossing the gag aside. She glances back. “Look, you’ll… you’ll be fine, I promise. We can still make it out of this safely, I swear.”

Shivering, you nod again. She tugs again and this time, you follow. Your steps are slow and halting at first, but you soon advance to a steady, if twitching, march.

“And… besides. Your… family. They’re worried. They want to see you. So just hold out until then, okay?”

“Why?”

It slips from your lips before you catch it. Shizuha freezes. Then she starts forward again. She clears her throat. “They’ve… heard things. Stories. From the village. Just think about what how they’d feel if you disappeared here, never to return..”

There’s something subtle but strange in her demeanor as she says that. Something sad and sympathetic. Whatever it is, she’s not telling you something.

“If I keep my…”

Shizuha’s eyes narrow, you shut your mouth, sighing. “You might be—”

An explosion rocks the building, followed by faint voices, echoing in the distance.

“What the hell are you doing here?”

“What, regretting that hot babe you sent me?”

“Where did you learn that language, young lady?”

“I’m basically the same age as you! Besides, I…”

You feel a tug on your wrist. Shizuha points forward, insistent.

You follow her down the hall again, still worried about the girl you’re leaving behind. And more importantly, how she’ll react when she realizes that.

You swallow.

“Familiar.”

Are they still speaking?

“Get over here. It’s time to end your contract.”

Who is she… That wasn’t from a distant hall. That was inside your h…

Your vision blurs, resolving back into the library.

Patchouli slouches into a wide, cozy chair. She pants and coughs, possibly harder than she did before. It’s difficult to tell. She takes small breaks to mutter indecipherable words and gesture from bookshelf to bookshelf.

Books litter the floor, though a few tomes float from the floor to the shelf, one at a time.

“Koa found the index. Get over here so I can sever your bond.”

“How do I…”

“Turn right, big door on the,” she coughs, “left. Koa can do the rest.”

She starts to wave her hand, then pauses.

Koa throws herself in front of Patchouli. “Hey! You’re somewhere around here, aren’t you?” She glances left and right, then turns to Patchouli and, following her eyes, stares just off to your left. “She can summon you for real if she has to! And besides.” She gives a lascivious smirk to that point behind you. “Your special sauce might flow down her pipes if the connection lasts too long, know what I mean?”

You have no clue what she meant, but it must have been lewd, the way she’s waggling her eyes.

Patchouli blushes then, glaring at Koa, waves. Your vision blurs again, bringing you back to that endless hallway. You bounce slightly, cradled in Shizuha’s arms.

She glances down. “Oh, finally awake? Good.” She pauses and sets your feet on the floor. “You’re damn heavy, you know that?”

You glance around you, finding yourself at the end of a hallway. It splits to the left and right.

She clears her throat. “Care to explain what the hell happened there?”

You swallow. “It was my, uh, master, I think. The sorceress, with the book that saved us. She told me to…”

Shizuha crosses her arms. “Did she tell you a way out of here?”

“No, but she did tell me how to get to her. I can break the contract there.”

She narrows her eyes, taking a sharp breath. “Another stop?” She pauses, sizing you up. “Fine, let’s get it over with. But if I see even a glimpse of that brat, I’m gone. Understand?”

“The wh…” she used that term before, for… “Flandre?”

“Yes. Her.”

You let out a shaky sigh. “Yes. Of course.”

“Good. Lead the way.”

You turn down the right hall, soon finding the big door. You reach for the handle, only for it to swing open on its own. Koa stands inside, grinning and gesturing you further in.

You follow her, stepping over loose books and ducking once or twice over books floating through the air.

She skips on, deftly weaving between each obstacle, until you find yourself back at the chair that Patchouli sags into.

She takes an idle glance your way then, clearing her throat, mutters more strange words and conjures a glowing circle around you.

Shizuha hisses and hops back. “The hell is this?”

“Ms. Naoko. I hereby release you from your contract.”

Small, weak tendrils of energy seep out from your body, leaving you weak.

The light fades down. You stand there a moment, stunned. “That’s… that’s it?”

She clears her throat. “Yes.”

“Is there… any way to get my power back?”

She groans, clearing her throat. “Ask me when my library’s in order. I need it now.”

Shizuha grips your shoulder. “I’m weak, but I’m still a goddess. Start praying to me and I’m sure we can work something out. Now can we finally just go?”

You glance between her and your former… master? Supplier?

A quiet giggle echoes, either from a distant hall or the back of your mind.

“Koa, show them out.”

“Yes, please.”

Koa pouts. “More slave labor, master? Fine.” She rolls her eyes, then skips forward. Shizuha grabs your wrist and follows. After several winding turns, you find yourself before another big, open door.

“Up the stairs, take a right, and follow the daylight.”

You both nod and jog up.

You hear a giggle echo from around the corner. Shizuha gulps, scoops you into her arms, and sails through the air. Following Koa’s directions, her flight path soon takes you to a hall with slightly tinted light reflecting off the walls.

The sun’s started to set. You told Kagerou to make a fuss if you didn’t see her before now. You told Aya you’d be back at your farm by now.

Shizuha drops you to your feet by the great entrance doors. She grips a handle and glances back. You pause.

If you leave now, you’re bound to make enemies of at least one powerful vampire. If you don’t, you may never get to leave again. You rub sweat-slicked skin. When did it…

Nevermind. Not important. You scan the stairs before you and the yellow-tinged light on the walls. No fairies or vampires in sight yet.

You glance back to Shizuha as she hauls one door open. She opens her mouth, but you cut her off.

“Where are you, you planning to take me?”

“The village. Where else?”

You shake your head. Of course. With the book here, and likely subdued by now, it would be the safest place for you.

With one last push, Shizuha sets the door aside. Brilliant bluish daylight fills the room. Impatient, she beckons you forward. “Come on, Naoko. Let’s go.”

You take a deep breath, then exhale, shaking your head. “Go… go ahead without me. I’ll be fine, hopefully.”

She stares back, flabbergasted. She lets out a quivering, shaking laugh. “That’s… that’s not funny, Naoko. That brat could tear you apart.”

You shudder but hold your ground. “I’ll work it out. I can’t leave, Shizuha. Not yet.”

“Naoko, this is a life sentence! I can feel it! I can…”

“I’m staying, Shizuha.”

She glares, eyes visibly wet. “…fine. I’m not coming back for you, though.”

She turns on her heel again, dragging the door shut behind her. With a loud thump, the daylight vanishes, leaving only the windows to light the room. This, this will be fine. You’ve been through worse. You’ll just talk with the…

Flandre expected to fool around with Shizuha when she finished. On your advice. Remilia expected you to pick up the toys those fairies had left around. You take a long, slow breath, calming your nerves just slightly. You can’t do anything about Flandre anymore, so as you walk back, passing underneath the sweeping stairway above, you keep an eye out for those… things. The tools of your torment.

It takes only a few moments to find the first one. A pair of scarlet leather handcuffs. Glancing around and confirming that no fairies float too close, you pick them up and walk forward. You continue forward, finding a black blindfold and a blue ball gag.

You turn to the left, advancing through the same kind of scarlet halls Kogasa carried you through. Shivering, you find another item. A dark blue corset. Picking it up, you…

“Good choice, farmgirl.”

You spin, finding Remilia rubbing her palms behind you. You swallow, giving her a defensive smile. Her wings unfurl.

“But maybe you could tell me why you took so terribly long. I do recall insisting you take care of them before I left to take care of your mess, did I not?”

Your smile falters. “I thought the book was more important. I’m taking care of them now, aren—”

“Good job.” She grins up at you, clapping. “But…” She sighs, shaking her head. “You’ve done enough. I think I’ll leave it to more competent servants, like the fairies.”

Your jaw clenches at the sneering grin she gives you. You’re more competent than a fairy, at least. But you shake that thought away. Not now, not inside her estate. “What do you want from me?”

She chuckles. “Just put those away, then we’ll talk.” She whistles at such a high pitch you barely hear it. A few moments later, more of those maids float in. She turns to them. “Pick the toys up and follow me.”

The maids salute. Remilia steps forward and, patting your shoulder, marches past you. After a moment, you follow, still carrying the restraints you’d gathered.

“Wait! Ms. Scarlet! Where do they go?”

She glances back, head cocked. “Follow me, farm girl.”

The fairies float around you, following Remilia. Shivering, you jog forward. Unable to fight even another fairy, you’ll be screwed without someone stronger to hide under. It takes only a moment to catch up. Stepping between the fairies, you advance to Remilia’s side.

She spares you a grin, but one that’s stressed and worn. She turns away, looking straight forward as she marches through the halls. She turns left, then right, then stops before a staircase down. She lifts off the ground and floats down, just above the stairs. You walk down them, following close behind.

As she touches down, she glances your way again. “You really have a thing for my maid, don’t you?”

You blink. What?

She shrugs, letting out a yawn, and returns to walking. “She must have made you cum hard when you ducked away with her. Now you’re slipping into her dresses and playing with her toys.”

“Her dresses?” You glance down your body, scrutinizing the maid outfit you’ve been wearing. This is hers? It’s not… it’s clean, right? It wouldn’t be… Face red, you force your gaze back up to find Remilia smirking back as she walks.

“Did she pick that collar out for you, too?”

“What? No. This was Kogasa. She…” Your tongue clamps itself to the floor of your mouth. You take in a sharp breath, wishing you could wipe that memory away, forever.

She looks forward again. “Don’t worry about it. In fact, don’t worry about anything. I’ll take good care of you.”

You open your mouth to respond, only for her to turn to the right. A short distance away, the hall ends in a dull metal door. That she walks straight toward. Glancing back to the fairies, you find them floating smoothly behind you, having accumulated small handfuls of those terrible restraints.

Suppressing unpleasant thoughts of them, Kogasa, and handcuffs, you focus on Remilia.

She stops just in front of the door, fingering a lock in the center. Fishing a dark key from her skirt, she slides it into the lock and, turning, pulls the door open. A single lantern hangs from the ceiling, barely lighting the black marble floor or bare wooden walls and ceiling.

Metal hooks line the walls, above a pair of shelves hanging at waist level, with a single, long chest underneath each. As the fairies flit to the walls, hooking gags, cuffs, and harnesses into those hooks, Remilia ignores them, advancing to the giant, metal door at the end of this short… hallway.

Uncertain, you wander near a vacant hook and pull out the cuffs you’d grabbed. Lifting it to the hook, you—

“Not those.” Remilia glances back at you. “I need those dropped off a bit further in.”

That sounds wrong. That sounds horribly wrong. But… you glance back, through the mess of fairies, to the open door. Small giggles ripple through them, accompanied by furtive, grinning glances your way. The moment you leave her presence, you’re a walking fairy toy. Gut sinking, you turn your gaze back to the large, interior door.

It’s… big. At least two people could walk through it side-by-side, probably without even touching each other. A great red circle adorns the center, covered in matching symbols you can’t read. Remilia rolls her shoulders, then presses an open palm to the circle. It flares to life, bathing the hallway in red. As the light dies down, metal scrapes against metal as you hear gears turning and the whole damn door rises up and disappears through a narrow hole in the ceiling.

A stale, tangy scent wafts to your nose as Remilia marches into shadow. Then, on some unseen cue, four chandeliers burst to life, casting amber light across a floor of brilliant red marble beneath your feet and…

Cages hang from the ceiling. Wood and metal crosses rest against the walls, some of which stand upright, others tilted to make X shapes. Two long wedges protrude from short rails in the left wall. One’s hard and wooden, the other soft, with a pair of pink nubs on top and a crank in front. On the right, you find a stocks and a few metal structures, vaguely humanoid in shape. Strange, strap-covered tables rest near the back.

Around the corners, you find water troughs, strap-covered chairs, and odd poles. A furnace lies in the far wall. Alongside the walls, you find a few large armoires, all shut and locked.

In the dead center, you see a small metal dome, covered in more strange writing. Two small black chests flank it.

It’s not… too strange. She has a good reason to store the toys you’d picked up in here. Right?

“Hurry up, farm girl.”

Remilia stands by the dome, patting a black chest to the left.

Swallowing, you jog forward. She peels the lid open. With a great sigh of relief, you dump the restraints inside. She then shuts the chest. You wipe your brow, then turn to Remilia.

Rubbing your neck, you clear your throat. “Ms. Scarlet, what do you want next?”

She puts a finger to her lips, looking up into your eyes, then casting her gaze around the room. “Tell me what you think of this place. Beautiful, isn’t it?”

You glance around, noticing straps on the crosses, the tables, and triangles, all of which you’re certain could fit your wrists or ankles. “It’s a… dungeon.”

She gives you a flat stare, then groans. “Whatever. This is all too much for someone of my palate to deal with right now. This way.” She steps around the dome, standing opposite the side facing the entrance.

You follow, then freeze. It’s open on this side, heavy bars lined up close together. On the inside, a pair of manacles hangs from the ceiling, with another pair fixed to the floor. You stare only a moment befo—

Pain rips through your cheek, followed by a slow, steady drip down your neck. You turn to Remilia, who trots to the cage’s left, blood dripping from her nails. Scraping a bloody nail across her palm, she cuts a tiny sliver into it. Smearing the mixed blood across her left hand, she presses it into the cage’s side. With another flash of red light, the bars sink into the floor.

“Alright, show’s over. Get in.”

You work your mouth, unable to find your voice. Wordlessly, you cock your head, pointing at the cage.

“Yes. In the cage.”

Eyes wide, you take a step back, shaking your head. “Ms. Scarlet. Lady Remilia. Please. I promise. I—”

In a flash, she’s standing before you. In another, she’s gone. It’s only when the boot slams into your back that you realize where she’d went. You tumble forward, slamming into cold metal and crumpling into the smooth, curving surface of the far wall.

A dainty hand grasps your right wrist and, dragging it upward, hauls you back to your feet. You twist and tug as Remilia wraps a manacle around that wrist, then snaps it shut. She lets go and moves to the other side, grasping your left.

“Please, Ms. Scarlet. I swear I’ll do better. I’ll do exactly what you say this time. Just p—”

A backhand crashes across your cheek, stunning you. The manacle snaps shut around your once-free wrist.

“Better?” She scoffs. “Perhaps you should have considered that before you dragged my sister into this.”

You gulp, flexing your hands and tugging, just slightly, at your chains. “I’m s—”

Her eyes narrow. “Tell me, have you ever seen one of her tantrums?”

“I just met her, so—”

“Of course. Well, let’s just say you should thank me for this.”

You’re still twisting and straining when she grabs an ankle, but it does nothing to even slow her as she encases it in cold, hard metal. It takes barely a second or two for her to trap the other one.

She rights herself and, dusting off her hands, she grins. “Flandre won’t find you here, at least.”

Trembling, hands suspended above your head, you watch as she strides away, stopping just outside the cage. She sends an idle glance back.

“No one will.”

She presses the same side of the wall. You lean forward, barely, as those bars rise from the floor, thudding into place at the top of this cage’s door.

“Wait! Please!” You stare into Remilia’s eyes. “I, I can fetch your food. I can clean. I can maybe massage you. Please, give me a—”

She stretches, yawning. “I’m going back to bed. I’ll deal with you when I wake up.”

Voice quiet, you stare into Remilia’s eyes. “Please, at least tell me what I can do to make it up for…”

Yawning again, she turns and walks away, out of sight.

“Ms. Scarlet! Remilia! Please! I can still, I can still…” You tug on your manacles again, only for a sharp pain to strike your wrists. They’re still sore and tender from…

From the cuffs Kogasa put you in.

Before you tried to fight her in them.

Squinting in pain, you still tug on them. You throw your body forward, then pull it back. Worn-down, you sag in your chains, your short, puffy sleeves falling to your shoulders. Your breath hitches. Blinking hard, you feel wet streaks slide down your cheeks, followed soon by tears dripping onto your apron.

“Just…” You shudder. “Just give me one more chance. Please.”

Silence hangs over the… dungeon. Then those gears sound again, followed by a heavy thump somewhere behind you.

And just like that, she’s gone. Sniffing, you glance around your cell. Smooth metal walls curl into the ceiling your wrists hang from, though the barred exit covers a good third of your prison. Beyond that, a pair of those strapped tables rests, each with a strange, heavy crank on the interior side. Between them, the dormant brick furnace.

You tug on your chains again, idly testing their give. You get one foot up to about the other’s ankle and one wrist down almost to your head. Your chest shudders, your shoulders shake, and a steady stream of tears drips from your chin, wetting your apron. No. No, no, no…

Why? How could she do this? You’d done what she wanted, didn’t you? You sniffle, wishing you could rub your wet eyes. However bad these ‘tantrums’ are, they couldn’t be worse than losing to that book. Body shivering, you hiccup. This, this… Why didn’t she warn you about any of this?

You rest there a moment, idly tugging your ankles. You get one maybe half its length off the floor. Your breath hitches. Shutting your eyes, you try to shut out the thought of what she has in store for you.

Youmu. The swordswoman who likely saved you from Wriggle. You shift your feet, adjusting your weight. She’d also saved you from frustration, though at the cost of cracking her already tenuous relationship with you. Even when Kogasa confined both of you, Youmu and Shizuha broke you free.

The chains clink. The light outside your darkened cage flickers, ever so slightly, as each minute passes. Where is Youmu now? Remilia did defeat the book, right? If not, did it capture her? If Remilia did win, did she let her go?

Remilia went so far as to imprison you. Would she have done the same for her? If not, is Youmu looking for you, even now?

The tears return to your eyes. Yuyuko, queen of the dead, demanded you keep her purity intact. You’d done your best. You’d thrown yourself at Kogasa to save her, you’ve fought and struggled and done everything in your power to keep both of you safe.

You tug your ankles upward, unsurprised to see the chains hold firm.

And yet, despite everything you’d done, it was by your body she’d been raped. If Yuyuko ever realizes what happens, will she understand? Or will she…

Or will she act more like Remilia just did?

You pull in toward yourself, tugging and straining against your chains. You twist from side to side and push yourself forward once more. The cool steel bites into sore ankles and screaming wrists. You need to run. Run and hide somewhere no one can find you. No crazy, controlling vampires, no demanding ghosts, no youkai, no humans who know youkai. No one.

Your heart pounds as you throw yourself to one side, then the other. Images of Yuyuko float through your mind, nestled between similar images of Remilia and Flandre. All cruel, angry, and heartless. Soon, your arms and legs start to burn. Then, finally, your strength gives out.

Panting, sweating, and choking down more sobs, you simply hang there, in the middle of a dark cage, itself in the middle of a dungeon. Those tables still loom outside, with what you now notice to be a pair of straps at each end. A small, hurtful part of you dreams up other images. This time of Youmu blasting through the dungeon gate, racing between the strange, sinister devices, and breaking your cell open. She would then slice your chains apart, scoop you up, and carry you away.

Far, far, away.

It hurts. None of this will ever happen. None of it ever could happen. At least, not to you. But you can’t stop. Unable to move, let alone escape your cell, the only thing you can do is think. And thinking of Remilia or Yuyuko will only make it all worse.

Youmu. She could carry you away, convince Yuyuko to forgive you, and the two of you could move away, into some quiet cottage. Then… you don’t know. Fall in love? She’s a little strange, but cute enough. And the fact she’s never tried to force you into anything is about all you could ask for. Maybe, after a few years, you’d even consider letting her sleep with you.

Would that be moving too quick?

Not that it matters. She’d either leave you or confine you long before then, anyway. Maybe, had you scrounged up enough cash, you could have paid for a guard or chaperone. But then, that would require a lasting steady job, which would need fewer nosey predators.

But then, who could you trust to chaperone…

Light and sensation fades away as you drift to sleep.

“There aren’t too many girls who fear sex the same way you do, girl.”

You tumble to the polished wooden floor and pull yourself up. The whole surface is coated in sweat and pussy juice. Not yours.

A familiar, cozy grin looms ahead, framed in dark blue hair. The figure wears a familiar puffball dress, though you struggle to place the face. Two figures lurk behind you, one short, with lavender hair, a pink dress, and bat wings. The other’s tall and curvy, with curly pink hair and a pale blue dress.

You stagger forward, then jog. Your feet keep slipping on the juices below, slowing you down. But you don’t fall. The puffball woman floats beside you, still smiling.

“This is your third nightmare in the past five hours, did you know that?”

You ignore her. You’re in a wide hallway, but one lit too dim to see more than the glimmering floor beneath you. Probably because of the dripping panties wrapped around the lanterns overhead. They’re blocking the light out.

“No snakes or spiders. No chomping maws, lost deliveries, or missing payments. Not even a famine or pestilence. Not even any, well… I guess several of them did involve surprise nudity.”

A silhouette appears in the distance, someone thin and welcoming.

“Just lots of horny, excited girls. You’ve been a treat to watch.”

Soft, white hair frames a proud but young face. Youmu. She turns and sprints toward you, scooping you into her arms. She hugs you tight for a moment, then sets you down. You stare, dreaming, into her eyes. Her face shifts, transforming into the quiet confidence and dark hair of Ayame, then Shizuha’s blonde hair and dour gaze.The monsters behind still float toward you.

“Shizuha! Please, I—”

She presses her lips to yours, smothering your voice. The figures still approach. You twist and press your arms to her torso. ...It’s naked. As are you. Holding your face to hers with one hand, she slides her hands up and down your back.

“By the way, despite the last nightmare, that sword girl’s safe. You may find yourself wishing she wasn’t, though.”

The figures behind you giggle. They’re close. Horribly close. They’re…

A fat, pendulous bust brushes into your back, accompanied by someone else’s claws gripping your ass…

--------------------

The reddish candle-light of the dungeon returns, seeping in through your cage’s door. You groan. Chains clink as you shift from side to side, seeking some position that will ease the screaming pain of your wrists and ankles. You find one, only to feel your legs and arms burn when you do. With no sunlight or clock, you have no way to tell how much time had passed.

After a moment, you hear something different. A sharp, rhythmic tapping on the outer gate. Then the gears start again, and something thumps up into the ceiling behind you. A couple footsteps later, another thump, this time hitting the floor. A light tap, tap echoes around the dungeon, moving closer.

“Wakey, wakey, Ms. Honda.”

Remilia’s voice sounds lighter this time, almost jovial. So, she’s in better humor, at least.

You clear your throat. “Ms. Remilia, I—”

“Shh…” The voice floats around the cage. “There will be better times for talking. Right now…”

She steps into view and presses that one part of the wall again. The cage door rises into the air. You give her a nervous, defensive smile.

She waltzes into your cage, traipses around behind you, and undoes your apron string.

You twist in your chains, your voice shakes. “R… Remilia. What are you…”

“Sh-sh-shh…” She lifts the loop over your head, dropping the apron to your feet. “I’ve got some work to do that I’m afraid may leave just a little bit of a mess, and…” Buttons snap open on your upper back. “Well, I couldn’t just soil my best servant’s dress on your account, could I?”

On instinct, ignoring the fire roaring across your muscles, you inch forward, stretching the chains to avoid Remilia’s touch. She ignores your efforts as she fiddles with the back of your skirt and gives it an experimental tug.

Then she drags it down to your ankles. “Hm…”

Your face burns as she no doubt stares at your essentially bare ass. It burns hotter when she grips the sides of your pointless, useless panties and slides them to your ankles, too.

“I don’t think that’s quite proper attire for my estate.”

You hear a slight rustle, then feel something enter one of your lower manacles. A second later, one ankle pops free, then the other.

Remilia coughs. You crane your neck to glance backward, not quite reaching her. Her foot taps your ankle. You lift your foot. She taps the other ankle. You plant the first down on bare metal and lift it instead. Cloth rustles and shifts away.

Then that thing enters the manacles on your left wrist, freeing it. Utterly worn down, you crash to the cold steel floor the moment your other wrist pops free, the impact rattling through your bones. Your skirt’s been kicked to the wall. Despite the jarring pain of impact, relief fills your body as strained, worn muscles finally get a chance to relax. A moment later, Remilia clears her throat.

You stare up. She frowns back down on your shirt. You glance at it, questioning. She nods, scowling. With a nervous laugh, you drag it up, over your head, and off. “C-can I go n—”

Remilia grabs your wrist and hauls you to your feet. Shifting her hands to the back of your shoulders, she pushes you forward, out of the cage.

“Thank you, Ms. Rem—”

She keeps pushing you forward, between the strange tables. She stops in the middle and lets go. You turn to face her, glancing back at the cage, then, craning your neck, to the…

The shut, sealed, heavy door behind it. Then you glance to your right.

The… the table has segments to it. One big one in the middle and two smaller ones at each end, where the straps are. Those shorter ones are connected to the crank. Your body grows cold and your hairs stand on end.

Almost wheezing, you turn back to Remilia. “Ms. Remilia, please. I promise, I swear, I…”

She frowns, then scowls. Taking slow, even breaths, she speaks. “Turn around and get on the table, Naoko.”

“Please, Ms—”

“Now.”

You spare one last glance to the gate, then to Remilia’s scowl.

“…Yes ma’am.” Breath hastening, you spin around and lift yourself onto the one on your right. Almost daring to hope it won’t have any of the strange pieces the other did, you ease your sore ass onto the coarse wood.

Remilia trots forward, toward the empty furnace, then stops by your feet. Grabbing your left ankle, she drags it to the nearest strap and, slipping it in, buckles the strap down around it. Panicking, you lean forward. “Please, Ms. Rem—” She locks the other in beside it.

“I, I can…”

She snaps up your right wrist and drags it backward, her sheer, unyielding might forcing your body down to the table as she pulls it past your head and plants it in an open strap. She soon buckles the strap around your wrist, and then forces your other wrist beside it and buckles it in.

With all four limbs locked down once more, you send Remilia another nervous glance. “You know you don’t have to do anything to me, right?”

Whack!

Your face jerks to the side, cheek stinging.

“I’d be more careful with that tongue, if I were you.”

She presses a hand on the crank, then pushes it out one bracket. The bars holding your limbs shift out away from each other, pulling both your arms and legs taut. You wince but find the position still less excruciating than the cage you came from.

“C-can we… talk about this?”

Remilia groans and throws herself up, onto the table. “I’d love to hear your voice. Just without your… words.” Straddling your belly, she leans down. Parting her lips, she brings them down, close to your…

Your shoulder. Only a moment of confusion flits through your mind, then roaring pain.

You scream, loud and ragged, as four long, vicious fangs sink deep into your shoulder. Blood flows out, sucked up in hungry slurps. Shuddering, you yelp when the fangs finally pull back, leaving a red mess pouring from your shoulder to the table.

She sits atop you a moment, licking her lips. She then lowers those lips back to your shoulder and licks the blood from it. When she pulls back again, you feel the trickle slowing.

“Average. A hint of earth and salt, but nothing more.”

“You… you’ve made your point. Ms. Remilia, please, I…”

She snaps her fingers. “Oh, right. I still have work to do.”

She hops off you and returns to the crank. She grins. “Let’s work a few kinks out of these legs, shall we?”

You twist your head just far enough to watch her wind it…

“Wait, Remilia! I’ve lear—”

“Aagh!” You wail in pain as the sections pull apart again, jerking your wrists and ankles further apart. Your limbs tremble, your tendons straining to hold your body together. As they settle into place, you wiggle, twisting and straining to find some position where your limbs can rest again. Taking quick, shallow breaths, you turn to Remilia. “Please, Remilia. I’ll, I’ll… is it sex? Do you want me to fuck you? I-I-I… I don’t know if I can bring myself to do it, but for you, I could tr…”

She settles her hand on the crank again, staring into your eyes. “I think I’d like a little quiet right now.”

Gulping, you nod, turning your eyes to the ceiling.

Her footsteps tap away as you study the patterns. You struggle through the creaking pain of your limbs to pay even a moment’s mind to the black and red swirls as…

The footsteps return. You turn to your right to find her carrying a lit candle in a small, silver holder, which she brings near your head.

With a quiet clack, she sets the holder by your throbbing arms and lifts the candle over, around your head, to your bare…

She flicks it, knocking a drop of scalding wax onto the upper root of your breast. You hiss, twisting as she drops the next one nearby, then the next. You yelp with every other drop she burns into your skin as she spirals inward around your right nipple, then trails that liquid fire down your belly, then your thigh.

You swallow, your mouth bone dry, and breathe in. Then another drop hits, this time burning painfully close to your crotch. Remilia hums as she glides to your left, hovering the candle over your vulnerable legs the whole time.

Breathing fast, gut twisting and lurching, you clench your teeth, hissing again as the scalding wax now trails up your left side, then spirals up, around your left nipple.

With one last flick, she pulls the candle back and hovers it over you, walking back down to your…

No, no, no! She poises it directly over your pussy. You shake your head, frantic. Sighing, she places it on the table, between your thighs. It’s close enough that you feel the flame’s heat, but the wax, mercifully, drips just barely away from your skin. Remilia walks back to the crank.

Terrified, you shake your head. Your body can’t take i—

“AAAAAGH!” The scream blasts through your throat, ripping its way free of your mouth. Your bones creak and your muscles scream in pain. Your arms, your legs, your stomach. Everything burns, straining to hold together. The table stops just short of ripping your limbs off completely. You turn to Remilia, eyes wide as lungs pump wheezing, frantic breaths out.

She sighs, smiling. “That was beautiful, Naoko.” She wanders back beside your crotch, where she picks the candle back up.

“You know,” she hovers it over your pussy again, “after today, I dare say we could use another servant. Someone to help clean up.”

You shake your head, hard, as the fingers around that candle twitch. She sighs and sets it down, closer than before.

You groan as she rubs your worn, straining thigh. “You think I should just let you out, right now?”

Gulping, straining, you nod.

“Are you sure? You want to go out right now, all alone among the fairies? Without my protection?”

You pause.

“Or would you prefer to play with my sister? She does need some… stress relief, now. Or perhaps one of those beasts so enamored by your pussy? Should I call the umbrella over?”

She walks forward, sliding her hand up your hip, to rub your navel. “The fairies would love you, I’m sure. Having a new, sexy toy around to play with. Why, they’d use you for hours. They’ll lose interest eventually, of course. But who knows where or what state they’d leave you in.”

She shrugs. “Well, it’s not like that’s the only option. After all…” She snatches the candle back up and hovers it over your pussy again.

You shake your head. Again. Then, as she flicks i—

You scream again, exhausted and beaten, as the wax hits your pussy’s lips. Pain. Everything’s pain. You groan as the next drop hits. Then she pauses, looking you in the eyes.

“Well, Naoko. The future’s in your hands. Anything you’d like to say?”

Even under the unrelenting pain, there’s something you can’t wrap your head around. Vampires are some and almost certainly vulnerable to your aura. But Flandre, she wasn’t affected. In fact, she went straight for someone else. Why?

“I can… I can play with your sister. Would that… be enough?”

Remilia stares, flabbergasted. “Excuse me, what? Why do you… this, this isn’t… what a tangled mess your fate…” You lie there, bones creaking as she runs her left hand down your belly. A moment later, the perplexed frown shifts to a grin. Then she cackles.

She sweeps her right hand across your face and rubs your cheek. “You’ve got no idea what she’s like, do you? You brought her all the way to the library, had a chance to flee, and now you…”

She pulls both hands off you, shifting one to the crank. Your eyes widen, but as she turns it, you feel the tension on your limbs ease as they pull closer together. Once, then twice.

The roaring, stretching pain fades, though every muscle still burns. There’s no part of you not sore. She cranks it one last time and your limbs fall just slightly slack.

“You know what? I’ll give you your wish.”

You swallow. “I didn’t… mean it as a wish. I meant…”

“Ms. Honda? Do be a dear and shut up, would you?”

Remilia steps around you, snapping your wrists loose, followed shortly by your ankles. For a moment, you lie there, body aching and throbbing. Even slight movements hurt.

Then Remilia slaps your thigh. “Off the table, girl.”

Groaning, fighting past the pain seared into your bones, you pull yourself into a sitting position.

For once, your ass hurts less than everything else. Slowly, gingerly, you set one foot on the floor, then the other. Remilia turns and walks away. Wincing at every movement, you follow her.

She places her hand to the center of that great door, sending it up into the ceiling. You enter the dungeon’s antechamber, then she shuts the door behind you. A moment later, she unlocks the outer door and leads you out, into the mansion.

Gingerly, you wrap an arm around your chest and place the other over your crotch. “Um, Remilia? Cou—”

“One more word and you go straight to the rack.”

You swallow. She snaps her fingers.

Sakuya appears, offering only a faint smile as her eyes sweep from Remilia, to you, then back to Remilia.

“Sakuya. Get me some tape and a wad of old cloth.”

The corner of her mouth twitches. “Yes, milady.”

Sakuya vanishes. Your muscles groan, too worn to readily carry your weight.

Remilia rubs her face. “What a waste.” She turns to you. “I swear, if you screw with her any more, I’ll rip—”

In a flash, Sakuya reappears with a roll of something shiny and gray in one hand, and what looks like a wrapped-up, old sock in the other.

You open your mouth to protest, then remember Remilia’s warning.

Instead, as Remilia beckons Sakuya toward you, you swallow. Remilia places one hand on your shoulder, pulling the sock from Sakuya with the other. “Open up.”

You shake your head and—

Wham! Her hand slams across your cheek, then returns to your shoulder.

“Do you want to help, or return to the rack?”

Shivering, you open your mouth. She places the wad against your lips, then stuffs it inside. It tastes stale and gritty. She pats the last bits of it in and rubs your now-inflated cheeks. You blink, then hear a ripping sound. Remilia steps back to make room for Sakuya, who places a strip of that gray fabric over your cheek.

It sticks to your skin. She peels more from the roll she’s holding and presses it tight to your cheeks as she circles it over your stuffed mouth and around your head once, twice, three times. Then, tearing it off the roll, she pats it down. You slide the hand from your breasts to your cheek, rubbing the slick material.

“Get her hands and legs too, would you?”

“Yes, Milady.”

You barely get a chance to blink before Sakuya grabs your hand and balls it into a fist. Then she wraps more of that fabric around it, layering it around, forcing your fingers together, and dragging the fabric down to your wrist. She then grabs your other hand and seals it in the same way. You look to Remilia, who smirks as Sakuya drags both hands behind your back.

She wraps a couple loops around both wrists, pinning them together, then a couple loops around your forearms. Pressing your legs together, she wraps a few more loops around your thighs, then your shins. You wobble a moment, then find Remilia walking away.

“Deliver her to Flandre.”

“Yes, Milady.”

Sakuya scoops you into her arms, giving you a sympathetic smile. “My apologies, young lady.” She pauses, raising your head near her lips. “I would have suggested you tread more carefully around the mistresses.”

“Whr w—”

You blink, finding yourself in a familiar, pink bedroom, held aloft before the giant bed. Flandre stands, wide-eyed, to your left. Sakuya dumps you on the bed’s plush, red blanket. She bows to Flandre.

“A gift from the mistress.” Then she disappears.

Twisting around, you find all the dolls and stuffed animals you remember, except…

There’s more fuzz and ceramic shards than you remember.

Flandre blinks, looks you up and down, then frowns at the space Sakuya used to occupy. “Really, sis? The same gift again? Well, at least she wrapped it this time.” Then her frown turns into a scowl as she locks her eyes on yours. “You lied to me.”

“Whf! Hwh whoh whe hu…”

You squirm, twisting against the sticky fabric pressing into your skin.

She walks closer. “You said I’d get to play with the hot blonde when I was done.”

You twist, arching your back. “Whf! Whi whaph wh—”

She leaps backward. “You know what? Fine! I’ll just play with you!”

You barely get to blink before an orderly cloud of glowing red bullets form around her. Squeaking and wiggling, you manage to throw yourself off the bed, thumping into the floor below.

Even then, with your battered body screaming for relief, you have to twist and wiggle to avoid the barrage. Then you find another one right behind it.

“Wrhg! WRGH! Hlph!”

Your garbled pleas fall on deaf ears as you twist and bounce around. Hot magic strikes your shoulder, fizzling on your skin. Then another bullet clips your leg. Then another, as you roll onto your back, strikes your exposed breast.

The aches and pains from before only make the blows hurt more. In moments, the bullets evaporate.

“Oh… really? That’s it?”

Twisting your head, you find her pouting at you.

“Come on!” She sighs. “You can do better than that!”

She summons the bullets again. You yelp and flop around again. Another half-dozen strike you, scorching flesh, before they fade away again.

“Uuurgh! Boring!”

A hand of hers twitches. You yelp, muffled as some strange force squeezes your heart. “Hwph! Fwhuh!”

It presses down, then expands through your body. Your lungs, your stomach, your liver. A brutal, smothering force presses down on them.

You shift, shake, and let out more muffled, garbled pleas.

Then your voice breaks. Your pleas disappear, interrupted by desperate, frantic breaths. You look to Flandre’s still pouting face.

Your entire body screams out in pain beyond anything you’ve ever felt. Then it ends. In an instant, the pain’s gone. In fact, all sensation’s gone.

It takes a moment to realize… you’ve died.

Something went wrong. And yet…

A number of doors materialize in the black, each a different color. Formless, you float between them. Each one is closed, with only a small window at the top to hint at where it leads. Out of curiosity, you float toward the nearest one and press your essence against it, finding that it only pushes you back. Without a body to operate the handle, you won’t be able to open it. One door, a dark blue, shows a darker night, with a wide, hairy crotch lowering toward you. Another, this one a bright orange, shows the village bookstore, with Shizuha floating toward you, wrapped tight in a scroll.

You skip by them, one at a time, finding only the horrors you’d suffered, until you reach a section of nothing but crimson doors. Then you find one at the end, just barely ajar. Remilia looms over you in a familiar red…

It’s the dungeon. You’re on the rack.

The one next to it, closer to you, is fully open. It’s at the mansion’s front door. Shizuha stares at you, frowning, as she holds it open. 

As you step through the threshold, the light blurs and swirls together. A strange, otherworldly chime rings through the nothing, muted and muffled. Then a light headache strikes you, scattering your thoughts.

The lights and sounds resolve back into a familiar scene. Shizuha holds the mansion door open. She wants…

Your head still feels strange, but slowly, your thoughts and intentions return. Shizuha had fled the basement, taking you with her. She intends to take you to the village. Something about her leaves you uneasy, but you can’t stay here. At least, not without her.

You can’t go there just yet, though. You have other business to address before seeking shelter.

You walk up beside her. “Let’s stop by my farm, first.”

“Wh- hey, th- maybe we…” She stutters as the two of you advance. Precisely what leaves her so flustered is anyone’s guess. She closes the door behind you as you step outside, then she takes a long breath and quiets down a moment. “Let’s… just leave, first. We can talk about where we’re going after we’re out.” She jogs out into the courtyard, where you find the guard from before rubbing scraped arms.

She gives both of you a curt bow, though she accompanies it with a narrow glance. To the both of you. Then she sighs and steps aside. “I hope you’ve minded your manners while here.”

“We’ve…” You pause, considering that. “W—”

“We’ve been as polite as possible.”

The guard’s smile twitches, but she lets you past.

“Have a good evening, you two.”

You wave back. “Why, than—”

Shizuha grabs your shoulder. “Naoko. This way.”

She lifts off and floats away. Feeling inward, you find only the faintest hint of that force you had before. That warmth. Nevertheless, you pull it out to lift you into the air. You accomplish only a shallow hop before exhausting it completely.

“Shizuha, wait!”

She pauses and turns back to you. You try again, depleting faster after barely shifting the grass under your feet. She groans, then circles back and scoops you into her arms. She carries you through the air, sailing out to the misty lake’s shore just before banking to the right… away from the village and farm.

“Where are we going?”

Shizuha glances down, just a small light whizzes between you. A bullet. You glance aside to find clusters of fairies appearing from the water’s surface and the nearby trees. Soon a small volley appears. In a heartbeat, she swerves through them and soars away, into the woods.

She weaves between branches and trunks, keeping the lake just barely in sight. She clenches her arms, holding you tight to her modest chest. Bullets swarm through the air as the wind rushes around you.

You can’t fly anymore. If Shizuha drops you right now, you’re fairy food. Shutting your eyes, you wrap your arms around Shizuha’s body.

Eventually, she breaks out of the woods again, soon approaching a rough, dirt road. The bullets fade off as she slows, slightly, before she picks a direction and surges forward again. Just as the human village grows large enough to identify, she looks down toward you, eyes hard and teeth clenched. “You left the damn farm for good reason. Why do you want to go back?”

“I made a—” No. You didn’t make a deal. “Aya insisted I appear.”

Shizuha lets out a quiet, whining screech. “Aya? What the hell does she think she’s—no, you know what? Fine. We’ll go there. But… don’t trust her, Naoko.”

“Is there anyone I should trust?”

“People who won’t just steal you away if they get too pent-up.”

“Do you know anyone like that? Anyone else I could count on?”

She doesn’t respond. Swallowing, you continue. “I’ll be careful, Shizuha.”

Shizuha sighs and, with a sad glance toward the village walls, she turns away. Rice and wheat fields soon fill the plains around you, with huts and houses scattered among them. Familiar scents of wood fires, good soil, and fertilizer fill the air, mixed among low, distant conversations. Small trails of smoke meander through the air above a handful of homes, from baths being heated and food being cooked. It all brings you back to simpler, easier times. If not for that bad summer, this could still have been your life. You let out a long, sad sigh as Shizuha carries you on.

Then she swerves, gliding over an incline and toward the woods just outside your farm.

Something narrow and hard thumps into the ground behind you. Shizuha spins, turning you with her to face a familiar, devious grin and camera.

“Great timing, girls.” Aya, wearing her white blouse and brown skirt, trades a glance with Shizuha. “You can set her down now, I’ll take it from here.”

Shizuha’s arms and stomach tense, then she lowers toward the ground and eases her grip. Gingerly, you drop your feet into the coarse dirt and step out. Aya smiles and takes one step toward you, then stops.

“Alright, girls. Progress report. Can I get you out of my head yet or not?”

Shizuha glances your way.

You rub your arms. “Not yet.”

Aya frowns, tapping a foot and fiddling with another wallet.

You throw your hands outward. “But! I… I learned a little. I think I’m getting closer! I just need to…”

Shizuha glances your way, intrigued. Aya narrows her eyes.

“What did you learn?”

“I can suppress it now. Just a little.”

“Alright then, let’s see it.”

You glance between her and Shizuha. “I, I mean, I can suppress it in myself. I… don’t know how to suppress its effects in other people yet.”

“Try.”

Aya hooks a finger in her skirt. You swallow, then close your eyes.

She’s… slightly better than last night. You try to reach out toward her, to grasp that black, tangled cluster inside her. Nothing happens. You stretch harder, feeling a hot force build in your chest, then slide outward, toward…

You freeze, pulling back. You’d almost blasted her again.

You open your eyes to her disapproving gaze, then shake your head. “I’m sorry. I… can’t do that. Not yet.”

Aya groans, then strides to your left and slaps that wallet into your left hand. She takes another couple steps forward. “Read that while we talk.” A second later, you hear a grunt, followed by a second pair of footsteps. Shizuha follows her, grumbling. Your eyes track them a moment as they retreat. They walk a moderate distance away before Aya stops.

She says something, barely audible. Shizuha responds with something still indecipherable, but noticeably aggravated. You listen a moment to their heated but muted discussion, failing to pick out anything specific. With a sigh, you turn back to the wallet and flip it open. More pictures, of course. All feature a naked woman with short black hair. The first shows her rubbing soap into her glistening back. The second shows her pulling a pair of panties over her bare ass. The third, a close-up through a window, zooms in on a hint of her breast, just barely visible from behind, as she pulls a kimono on.

As you flip through them, something bothers you. Her body’s healthy and attractive, but it’s soft. There’s an unpleasant prickle at the back of your neck with each new picture. You don’t see the musculature Aya’s back had. And while you’re at it, these are all from the back or the side, save a very few intense close-ups of her pussy, breasts, or thighs. And the hair. It’s about the right length, but it’s choppy, almost wild. She seems a little shorter, too, like…

You flip to the end, finally finding a picture with a youthful but rowdy grin, on a face you know. It’s Kaori. Your younger sister.

Hands shaking, you close the wallet and turn to Shizuha and Aya to find them staring at each other. You walk toward them.

Shizuha seethes, staring her down. “Back off her, Aya.”

“I’d love to do just that, but she’s making it rather difficult, wouldn’t y—”

Her eyes snap to yours and back. “Well, it looks like she’s found my gift.”

You lick your lips, finding them suddenly dry. “You… took pictures of my sister.”

“Rather good ones, too. You may need to take notes, in case I find myself in need of a… personal photographer.”

You stop just in front of them. “Why her?”

She sighs and sways toward you. Stopping only as her bust brushes into yours, she slides one hand along your back and runs the other through your hair. Then she shoves your head into her breasts and presses your hips tight to hers. “I’ve got work to do, girl. I can’t let myself get too distracted, so I thought I’d secure a little incentive to make sure I never lose you.”

A faint hint of sweat and ink fills your nose as her bust presses in on your cheeks. You pull back to speak, only for her to shove your head back in.

“Relax. I’ll explain everything—”

“Like why the hell you’re still constricting her?”

“Oh, quiet. You just wish you had the guts, and the bust, to do this yourself.”

You press your hands, fruitlessly, into Aya’s sides. You hear a choked-back scream, then Aya continues. “I’ll need another fix soon, you know. I hope you two find me my cure before then, of course.” She clears her throat. “But you should really stick around until you do. Otherwise, well,” she pauses to stroke your hair, “who knows how many people might just discover images like these?”

Aya’s arms jerk just slightly, tugged backward. You hear a low rumble, almost a growl before Shizuha speaks. “Leave her family out of this, at least.”

Aya sighs, still gripping you. “Sure, sure. If the two of you get your shit together in time.”

Shizuha hisses, then she lets go. You hear a few footsteps as she circles around, then grabs your left arm. She tugs and, a moment later, Aya’s grip eases, letting Shizuha pull you free. You stagger forward a few steps, then find Aya waving back.

“You know, Naoko, if you’re really worried about your family, I’m sure I could find an… experiment to help you figure that cure out sooner. It could be a little dangerous, though.”

Shizuha tugs you forward. Unnerved by Aya’s behavior, you comply.

“Remember girls, stick to places like the village, where I can find you, and keep plenty of room in your schedule open for me. I’m expecting another progress report in a few days, too.”

Shizuha stops and turns back. “Give the girl some space, or she won’t have time to develop your cure.”

Aya shakes her head. “Fine, fine. Just don’t disappear on me and report back in a week, or I’ll need to look into other ways to ease my frustrations.”

Shizuha scowls, but turns her back on Aya and nudges you. You follow her a few steps.

“Say,” Aya calls out, “I wonder whether your sister would be willing to help out a girl like me.”

You glance back, but find her responding only with a friendly wave. Shizuha nudges you again and guides you further away, shuffling around trees and under low branches until you’re out of earshot from Aya. Out of human earshot, at least.

Shizuha clears her throat. “We’ve done it. We checked in, Aya won’t bother you for a while, everything’s taken care of. Now let’s go back to the village.”

“But…” You glance back to the farm. “My family’s worried, aren’t they? Why don’t we just drop b—”

“Waitwaitwait! Naoko, that’s… not necessary.” She grasps your shoulders, staring into your eyes. “Think about this. What…” She pauses, swallowing. “What will they think if you show up like this? You’re not even wearing… y’know.” She gestures somewhere around your waist. You raise a brow. Her eyes flit around you, alternating between glances to the side, and sliding down to your… Her cheeks turn red. Instinctively, you slide a hand to your crotch and pass her a questioning glance.

She nods. “Let’s get you cleaned up, dressed, and relaxed. Then we can think about popping back in with your family. How does that sound?”

“It’s… my home. I could just get changed there, couldn’t I?”

She lets out an odd whine. “That’s… I mean, it’s…” She pauses, sweating. “It would still be awkward, wouldn’t it? Besides, they don’t just have your underwear on hand, do they?”

Your eyes narrow. “I think I could borrow a pair from someone. Perhaps Ayame?”

Shizuha yelps. “That’s not necessary! Please, please, you’re safer in the village. Let’s just go there and relax before we worry about reporting in to anyone.”

You glance between Shizuha, Aya, and the farm. After the past few days, you find the thought of spending time with people you know hard to resist. But then, you’d be nearly helpless if another youkai showed up while you visited your family.

The village should be safer, though you shudder at the thought of spending an entire week under the shadow of Aya’s lust.

You sigh, casting one last, wistful glance to what used to be your home. “All right. Let’s go.”

“Finally.” Shizuha casts a glance back to Aya, then shrugs and holds her hands out toward you.

You stare at them a moment, then into her eyes. She sighs. “You can’t fly anymore, remember?”

“Oh.” You blink. “Of course. So, I just…” You step closer to her, unsure of what to do.

Like before, she scoops you into her arms and takes off. There’s something about the way she nestles you against her chest that feels odd. Maybe she’s holding you too close, or maybe you’ve grown even more paranoid than before.

“Hey! Don’t forget to check in next week!”

Shizuha responds with only a grunt. Then the familiar, comforting scents of your old home fade as you return to the road and soar toward the village.

When she reaches the village gate and sets you down, you feel a twinge of guilt at the relieved sigh you let out. Exchanging greetings with the guards, she strides in and you follow close behind. She marches through the streets, her pace quick, almost frantic. It’s only after the two of you leave the markets and pass through the common residential areas, then toward and edge of the village, with small apartment houses packed close together, that her pace slows.

Then she stops, running a hand through her hair. “So, Naoko. Where do you live, again?”

You take a moment to think. Your new home. It’s been days since you even had the choice to spend time there, let alone rest. This is it. You’re finally back. You’re safe and ready to return to the way you lived for the past year. Which… you’d still rather not talk about, but you’ve always found a way to keep your body mostly to yourself here, which makes it far better than the past couple days.

That book is taken care of, right? You never got a chance to see what happened to it, but Remilia wouldn’t just let it go, would she?

Smiling, you point toward a short alley. “This way.”

And just a few moments later, you find your home and reach toward the handle, before realizing that…

You don’t have the key. You’d left without it, and given the way people had…

You shiver. Shizuha pushes past you and throws the door open. Timidly, you follow her inside. Everything’s still where you left it. The futon and table are still to the left, the wardrobe still to the right. Even the romance novels are still there. Shizuha scrutinizes the windows and walls as you walk in. Closing the door behind you, you shuffle toward your bed and drop yourself in it.

Taking a long, slow breath, you stare at the ceiling. How many women have been inside you now? How many have forced you inside them?

It’s fine now, of course. You’re back. You’re safe. You can, you can…

You take a long, shuddering breath. The next few days will be difficult, but so long as no one—

There’s a knock at the door. You glance up just as Shizuha rushes toward it.

Grumbling and positioning herself directly in front of you, she peels it just slightly open.

“What do y…”

She pauses, then steps aside. A thin, diminutive woman steps inside, wearing a multicolored kimono and short, purple hair with an elegant flower on top. Akyuu herself stands inside your home. You snap upright, breath catching in your throat. Turning to you, she grins. Then her form ripples, her hair changing from a smooth, pampered purple to choppy black. The colorful kimono melts away into a simple and rather short black dress. The flower vanishes as red and blue tendrils sprout from the woman’s back. It’s Nue.

You glance away, still unsettled by those wings.

She hasn’t done anything yet. She hasn’t. She… won’t. Right? She won’t. She can’t.

“Hey, girls. Long time, no see.”

Shizuha folds her arms, resting against the far wall. “What do you want?”

Nue spares barely a glance back. “I save your asses and this is the thanks I get?”

You trade glances with Shizuha, then turn to Nue. “What did you do?”

She groans. “Hello? That tentacle demon thing? I chased it straight out of the village. And trust me, it is never coming back. You’re in the clear.”

Shizuha’s look sours. “You’re right. You sent it straight to Naoko.”

“What? I didn’t- how?”

“Though me.”

You both pause to glance at Shizuha. Blushing, she looks away. “…Sorry, Naoko. I couldn’t stop it in time.”

Nue claps her hands together. “I think we need a few more details there, goddess.”

Shizuha’s brow furrows as her head slides back, into the wall. “There’s nothing to say. It possessed me and took me to the mansion, chasing Naoko.”

You flinch. “How did it know where I was?”

“Beats me. But it must’ve figured it out shortly before it arrived, because it was so damn excited about that knowledge when we left.”

“And you don’t know why, do you, Ms. Nue?”

“Nope. Never let it in my head.”

You swallow. “That’s… not what I meant. But it’s fine. The book didn’t do anything this time, at least.”

Nue nods. “Yeah, yeah. It’s gone and you’re safe in the village again. It was not easy to sneak around the Hieda paragon herself, but I did it. Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like a little private time with Naoko, i—”

Shizuha glares. “No.”

Nue groans as she snaps one of your books up and flips through it. “Fine, fine. But I did my part. So, Naoko, are you still up for our date tonight?”

Shizuha turns to you, eyes wide.

You glance between the two, then swallow. “I need some time to myself. So, give me a few minutes, okay?”

Nue sets the book back down. “Sure, sure. Meet me by the gates.”

And with that, she turns back into Akyuu, jogs outside, and disappears.

Shizuha shuts the door. “Date?” She pinches the bridge of her nose. “Did you have to promise her that?”

“I’ve never… had the chance to go on one with someone who wasn’t trying to, well, you know…”

“To fuck you. And just how do you know she’s not trying to do that?”

You curl into yourself, just slightly. “I don’t. But if I don’t take the chance, will I ever get another?”

Shizuha exhales, audibly relenting. “I know I keep saying this but seriously, Naoko. Be careful around her.”

You sigh, then nod.

She presses a finger to the band around your neck, frowning. “And this. We need to get rid of it.”

It takes you a few minutes to change, stripping down and donning the only other outfit and underwear you have left. Simple white straps that you wrap around your breasts, with nothing to go over your crotch. Beyond that, all you have is a plain, cheap, white yukata you normally wear as a nightdress. As much as it embarrasses you to leave the house in this, you’re not ready to piss off another youkai, especially when safety is just within reach. And you’re not going to wear something as dangerous as a maid outfit.

But, you finger the collar around your neck. You can’t go out with this on, can you?

Shizuha clears her throat. You turn to find her holding a red and yellow scarf. Stepping toward you, she wraps it around your neck. “There. That should help until we can get you out of it.”

Her dress looks shorter than before, barely getting halfway down her thighs. But you choose not to ask about that, tonight.

Then, shaking just slightly and pulling the scarf close, you leave the house. Walking back down the streets, that small, traitorous part of you still dares to dream of a real, decent life for you. Of safety, comfort, and the presence of someone who genuinely loves you. As much as you try to shove those feelings back down, to remind yourself to stay on your toes, especially around a youkai, small bits of it still bubble back up.

The moment you return to the main thoroughfare, with the gate barely in sight, a hand slides around your left shoulder. Glancing to your right, you find Reimu’s face grinning back. “Let’s get this party started.

Before you can speak, she grabs your hand and drags you through the streets. Your gut lurches, worried about where she’s taking you, but let her lead you. For now.

With candles and paper lanterns the only light left in the air, she guides you down a series of ever smaller roads. Passing the larger, more open establishments, you soon find yourself walled in by tight-packed buildings, a good distance from your house. Idly, you glance between them to find nothing but advertisements for food, materials, and assorted services. Most doors have been shut and lights extinguished by now, though a few remain lit and open. The moment you leave the lingering crowds, you turn back to her.

“You can’t show your face even on a date?”

She sighs. “Anonymity’s what I’m about. It’s just while we’re in public, I promise. Besides,” she grins back you, “you like this girl, don’t you?”

Blushing, you throw your gaze away. “That’s…”

She chuckles. “Don’t worry about it. We’re just fooling around, so just pretend I’m her for a bit, if you want.”

“But… lots of people know her. Why not someone less known?”

She rolls her eyes. “Because you like her, duh. Now come on.” ‘Reimu’ ushers you into a quiet, small bar. Dark, polished wood creaks ever so slightly under your feet as she guides you to the nearest of four small tables. Settling in, she hands you a small paper with a menu scribbled on it, then leans back.

Sitting down across from her, you pick it up and glance through, then flinch. You brought your remaining funds with you, but…

But you hadn’t found another job since the last one you’d gotten yourself fired from. You’re not even sure you’ll be able to find another within the next few weeks, at least without some youkai finding a way to interfere again.

Nue sighs. “I’ll pay this time, okay?”

Slumping in your chair, you nod, a bit sheepishly. “Okay.”

She leans forward and claps your shoulder. “Hey, cheer up. You’ll bore me—” you flinch at the wording “—if you spend all your time moping.”

Still, you shake your head, then give her a somewhat plastered-on smile. As crappy as your funds are, as much as youkai still lurk here and there, you’re back. You should enjoy this.

At least, for as long as it lasts. She grins back, just as a woman approaches, wearing a flowery pink kimono that’s rather loose around the neck.

“Why, if it isn’t the famous masked lady.”

Nue pouts. “Aww… how’d you know?”

The waitress chuckles back. “Ms. Hakurei wouldn’t be caught dead here and you know it. I’d like you to be a bit gentler with the newcomers this time, if you could. And,” she glances your way, “please don’t corrupt this poor lady while you’re here.”

Nue huffs. “Please, I’m just trying to enjoy my date.”

The woman’s eyes flit across the room. There’s a couple young men off in one corner, a single young man off in another. “Has he not appeared yet?”

Nue groans. “It’s her.”

The woman gasps. “A woman? You? What on earth has gotten into you?”

Nue puffs herself up. “You think I care about physical form? Please, I just never found a girl that was interesting enough. Now get us a bottle of sake and some of your special curry, would you?”

“Yes, yes. Right away.”

As the woman departs, you find yourself staring at the table. “I’m… sorry. About that, about… my power, I…”

“Your magic makes women fall for you. Yeah, I know.”

You glance up into Reimu’s glinting eyes, she’s still got a faint smirk on her face. “Then, why…”

“It’s weird and interesting. Besides, I’ve…” She sighs. “Nah. You don’t want to hear that. So, I like to scare people, pull pranks, and have a good time. What do you like to do?”

“I…” You pause, breath shuddering. You’ve spent so much of the past year either hiding, fleeing, or job hunting you’d barely had a chance to relax. “I read, sometimes.”

Her lips twitch upward. “Sappy romances?”

Blushing, you look to the bar. “They’re not sappy. They’re sweet.”

There’s a flicker. Glancing up, you find Reimu gone, replaced by a dark man with smooth hair and a pencil mustache, clad in a fine black kimono, giving you a smooth grin. “I’ll bet you’re looking for some handsome, fine man to invite you back to his mansion, aren’t you?”

You lose focus, staring. Is that… right?

Lately, you’ve found men infinitely less terrifying than women. More than once, you’d fantasized about living your life with them. It would be far more relaxing. And yet, staring at the ‘man’ before you, something about the whole idea feels off.

There’s another shimmer, just before a finger lifts your chin, gently, and guides your eyes back to Reimu’s.

“Marry me, Naoko.”

Your breath catches, your heart fluttering as your throat locks up. ‘Reimu’ lets go, cheeks puffed and shoulders trembling. Small, halting snickers wheeze through her clenched teeth.

Face red, you throw your head to the side.

“Sorry, sorry.” She pats your shoulder. “Look. I—”

She pauses as the waitress approaches and sets the food and sake on your table. Lifting your chopsticks from the plate, you poke at the curry. It looks rather… colorful.

“I’ll make it up to you, I promise.” Your date pauses, then shovels globs of rice, sauce, and peppers into her mouth.

Sighing, you scoop up a bit and take a bite. It’s very… zesty. Zesty and…

You cough as your mouth burns. It’s hot. Your mouth, your tongue, your lips. Everything burns. Nue cackles. Eyes watering, you glare back.

She grins. “Easy, easy. Look, there’s lots of rice on your plate. Just eat some more of that to break the spice up.”

You do just that and, slowly, the fire ebbs.

You clear your throat, then stare her in the eyes. “Spending time together makes my aura worse, you know. I don’t, I don’t want to be…”

“Relax, eat up. Trust me, one night won’t kill me. Or hurt… you? Look, I’ve got this.”

You pause, thinking, then nod. Even if she’s wrong, this might be your only chance to ever enjoy a normal date. The rest of the meal continues in near-silence. She cajoles you into a few drinks, downing quite a bit herself. Then, after a quick exchange with the bartender, she leaves, guiding you out with her.

Giving you a sly glance, she ushers you through the mostly empty roads, until houses and shops give way to smooth, short grass and an odd statue, dimly lit by the waning moon.

‘Reimu’ lets go, jogs up to the statue, then turns around. She clears her throat, then adopts a slightly dour look. “Oh, you’re here.”

You raise a brow as she settles down, sitting in front of the statue. She pats the ground beside her. “Well, if you’re here anyway, you might as well sit down.”

Confused, you sit beside her. She positions her hands over her lap, like she’s holding a cup. Then motions like she’s drinking from it. “You visit me a lot these days, don’t you?”

“I… do?”

“Yes, you do. It’s inconvenient. I should just chase you off and be done with it.”

You flinch. You’ve no idea what’s going on.

“But… I think I’ve grown used to you. So, let’s live together from now on.”

You sit there, uncertain of what to say. Then her form shimmers again, returning to Nue’s choppy black hair, short dress, and freakish wings. Tentacles. Things on her back.

She gives you a grin. “If that shrine maiden ever confessed her love to someone, it would sound something like that.”

You stare into her eyes for a moment, then blink. “Wait, then that was…”

She grins wider. “Hey, if it’s just once, I might as well go all the way, right?” Then the grin fades and she grows contemplative. “So, what do you like about Reimu, anyway?”

You sigh. “You know how my power only affects youkai, right?”

She tilts her head. “I do now.”

“Well, she never has to worry about them, right? She’s so strong. If she were with me, I wouldn’t have to worry about anything, would I?”

Nue chuckles. “Don’t tell anyone, but I almost kicked her ass. She’s damn tough, but not invincible. Don’t forget that.”

“Oh.” You breathe in the evening air. “Still, I wish I had someone as strong as her around.”

She leaps to her feet and, taking a step forward, turns back to you. “Hey, who knows? Maybe someday I’ll save your ass. Again.”

You sigh, content. “Maybe.”

A moment later, she’s gone. Pulling yourself to your feet, you return to your home.

You muscle your way through congested market streets, under the sweltering heat of the noon-day sun. The rustic brown kimono clings to your moist, sweaty skin, just slightly accenting your hips and hinting at your bustline. At least the collar’s gone, now. You clench a small flyer in your hand. It’s been about a week since you returned to the village, and your paltry funds have disappeared. Despite Shizuha’s trepidations, you’re out, looking for work.

After a moment, you reach the small tailoring stall the flyer directed you to. A prim woman sits behind it, wearing blue cotton and a wide-brimmed, straw hat. She takes a glance at you, then smiles. “Why hello there, cutie. What would you like to buy?”

Twitching, just slightly, you hand her the flyer. “You said you were looking for an apprentice. Could I work for you?”

She tilts her head, eyeing you up and down. “Hm. Hmhmhm…”

You shudder but hold firm. You won’t eat if you let your paranoia get to you.

She pulls the dresses and sashes together into a bundle. “Tell you what. How about we go back to my place and…” her eyes slide to your hips, “see how you perform, shall we?”

You wince, then freeze. The moment your eyes close, you feel it. Black waves of lust wash off her, toward you. They pulse outward heavy but slow, suggesting your aura’s built up in her for a while. She’s not human and she’s ready to fuck you.

Breath racing, you shake your head. “I-I-I’m sorry, ma’am. I’ve changed my mind. Goodbye!”

You turn on your heel and run, shoving your way back through the crowds.

“Wait, babe! Please, come back!”

Frantic, you push and shove. Shouts and grunts sound behind you, some from her, some from others. Slowly, as you advance, the sounds grow further away. You pull free from the crowds and break into a full sprint, pounding down dirt roads back to your home. You need to find Shi—

You shake your head as a fierce blush rises, unbidden, to your cheeks. Last night got Aya off your back again for the next few days and proved you could reverse at least some of the aura’s effects. The… humiliation of what came after. Of what you’d pushed Shizuha into…

It was worth it. It was.

You can drain part of your aura’s corruption from others now, but at the cost of your precious, limited magic power, and doing so makes you… your blush returns at just the thought of it, but… it makes you extremely, even desperately horny. Much like back in the mansion, just before Youmu cleansed you.. And clearing away that lust is not much easier than it was back then, either.

You’d apologize to Shizuha, if either of you could bear to bring the topic up.

Reaching your house, you whip the key from inside your kimono and fumble it into the lock. Hands shaking, you poke and prod the key into the lock, waiting to feel that click. After a few tries, you give up and just bang on the door. To your surprise, it shifts under the impact. You give it an experimental push and it slides open. You tumble inside, breathing hard. You gulp, heart racing as you wonder why you’d forgotten to lock it before. Taking only a quick glance around, your breath catches again as your eyes slip past the futon Shizuha had placed beside your own.

A faint footfall hits the floor just behind you, then you hear the door sliding shut. You open your mouth just as a pair of hands slides around your left wrist and claps a padded, metal band around it. You throw yourself backward, slamming your assailant into the closed door. She giggles, in a high, cheery voice that sounds startlingly familiar. Your entire body jerks away, only for hands to tug your bound wrist back by its chain.

Chain?

You spin around, still pulling away from her, to find the chain hanging from another cuff in her hands. Looking up, you find a familiar set of red and blue eyes, framed by light blue hair, above a wide, cheery grin.

Kogasa.

“Boo!”

You yelp, stepping back and wrapping your free hand around your restrained wrist as you tug it backward.

“Ooh, that tastes so good. I’ve been starving until now, you know. How could you just leave me like that?”

Your skin crawls. How? How did she… You’d left her behind at the mansion. Did they just let her go? If they let her go, is that book on the loose, too? Idly, your free hand wanders to your bare neck. You’d only gotten her collar off a few days ago, and now…

You throw your back into pulling your arm away from her, but she just gives you one quick tug, yanking you forward. Given the difference in strength, you’re not even surprised when you bounce off her chest. You breathe in, readying a scream.

“He—!”

She shoves your head into her breasts with one hand and pins your free hand to your back with the other. “There, there. I’ve got you.” Letting go of your head for only a split-second, she clips the band around your other wrist, chaining both close together, behind your back. She then grabs your cheeks and pulls you into a quick kiss.

Pulling back, she grins again.

“We’re finally back together! Now we can have so much fun.”

You whimper, shutting your eyes. She’s… deep under your influence. Deeper than Aya, who you still haven’t been able to fully cure. Even if you tried, you’d still get so, so very…

She thrusts you forward, dropping you into Shizuha’s futon. Oh fuck. You can still smell yourself on it. Breathing fast, you throw your eyes around as she pulls something from her skirt. Another one of those balls, this one purple, with blue straps. She steps toward you.

You back into the wall. “Help! Someone! H-lgh!”

She pulls you back, then presses your head to the futon as she shoves the ball inside. You wiggle, squirming, as she lifts your head and secures the straps around your cheeks, over your head, and even under your chin. She tightens each one, then stands up, grinning back down on you.

You twist, tugging on your cuffs as she clears her throat.

“Yay! I caught back up with you! Now we can finally do all the stuff we’re supposed to.” She drops to her knees, still grinning. “You know how long it’s been since I got to eat your ass? Days. Surprise isn’t the only thing I’m starving for, you know.”

“Hweh. Hweh.” You gulp, hauling yourself into a sitting position just to scoot a little further from her.

She sighs and, leaning down, grabs you by the sides, then hauls you to your feet. She presses a finger to your gag. “Don’t worry, I’ll let you get a taste of mine, too.”

You shrink away from her. “Hwogh! Hwa ihph hih!”

“Shhh. It’s okay now.” She slides a hand to your cheek, then down your neck and over your kimono, rubbing one breast. “Besides, you need some discipline and I need more surprises now.”

You twist and wiggle. She releases her hand, sighing. Then your dresser door slides open and her umbrella floatsout. Its canopy opens, dropping a leather, leashed collar into Kogasa’s waiting palm, then closes up again. You lean away, grunting as she slips the collar around your neck, frowning. “Look at what you’re making me do. Your collar was beautiful but the moment I turn my back, what happens? You go and lose it!” She buckles it closed. “This one wasn’t even for you, you know. It was for one of the girls who stole you away from me.”

She clears her throat, grinning again. “So, I’ve got a plan!” Sliding her hands down the leash, she steps back and gives it a tug. “First, I take you back to my place. You keep abandoning me, so I gotta chain you to my forge. Don’t worry, I already set it up.” She takes another couple steps back and slides the door open. “Actually, you’ve been a really bad girl in general, so I need to be super strict until you learn. Once we get back, it’s 50 spankings. And no clothes until you learn who your adorable, delicious butt belongs to.”

“Hwoh! Hwoh.” You shake your head.

“Keep fighting and I’ll add another ten spankings!” She jerks the leash, forcing you forward. She steps into the doorway when you notice something floating in the air behind her.

“Don’t worry, I’ll comfort you with sex afterward. Anyways…”

She jerks you toward her again. You stumble forward as her smile fades to a pout. “Since you betrayed me, I need to show you how to be a good tool. No speaking, just obeying and fucking. When customers or snoopy girls show up, you go in a box. If you—”

A pair of feet touch the ground outside, just a pace away.

“—try to run away, I ram my other half as far up your pussy as I can go. Understand?”

She stares at you, but you find your eyes drawn to the figure that walks up behind her. Someone tall and full-figured, wearing a pale blue dress. A dark, almost vicious glower lurks under her short and wavy, pink hair. And the frilly, light blue hat atop it.

Yuyuko Saigyouji. You’re… saved?

“Hey! Pay attention when—”

Yuyuko steps just to Kogasa’s side and plants a closed fan under her chin. You twist and squirm, tugging back on the leash as Kogasa turns toward the queen of the dead.

Yuyuko spares you a brief glance, just before her face shifts into a dangerous, angry smile. She then returns to Kogasa. “Leave the maiden alone, tool.”

Kogasa shivers, her hands squeezing the leash. “What? No way! I just caught up to her again! Leave me alone!”

Yuyuko retracts the fan, opening it as she places it over her lips. “Very well.”

Small, pink lights pop into existence, filling the air around you. Butterflies. Those lights are shaped like butterflies.

Kogasa quivers, but holds firm. “I, I can beat you! If-if I have to! You can still give up, you know. I’m super scary when I’m angry!”

“You’ve already done quite enough, umbrella. Now unhand her.”

Kogasa growls, then lets go of the leash. You drop backward, landing on your ass. You gurgle, groaning as more lights appear, this time simple blue orbs that pour from the umbrella. Pulling yourself back up, you step back inside and flip around behind the wall, pressing yourself to it.

You gulp, biting down on the ball between your teeth in anticipation for the first blow.

Alone for the moment, you lean forward and tug at your new cuffs. It takes barely a second or two to realize you won’t get out of them, but you keep pulling.

Soon, small blasts and pops sound from outside, accompanied by the occasional flare of light through your door.

You sigh, gurgling, as you glance down your body. The summer air still burns and now the sweat soaks straight through your kimono, outlining your bust line so well you can see the shape of your bra through it.

Groaning, you slump down, dropping to the floor, just as the sounds die down. That was short. A moment passes and, other than the slight shifting of fabric, you hear nothing. Even that sound soon stops.

You peek through it to find Yuyuko walking toward you, her expression having since softened to a more neutral, almost pitying gaze. Kogasa lies, face-down and limbs sprawled out on the ground around her. Only the faintest rise and fall of her torso suggest she’s even still alive. The waistband of Kogasa’s skirt hangs at a slant, one side exposing just a hint of blue-striped cotton, her vest lies beside her, the blouse looks ruffled.

Yuyuko stops, just in front of you. She beckons you forward. Gulping, you stand and take a step toward her. She pulls a small knife from her dress and tugging your head forward, slides it against your neck.

Then, pressing the blade away from you, she slices the collar off. Next, she slips it under the gag’s straps and, one by one, cuts them from your head. A moment later, the ball drops from your lips and thumps into the dirt below.

Your work your jaw just slightly, then close it. You shift your shoulders again, tugging at your cuffs.

She sighs. “I’m afraid I may have been a little too rough on that girl. She must have left her keys behind and, sadly, I can no longer ask her where they are.”

“Oh.” You swallow. “Is… is there a reason you’re here, Ms. Saigyouji?”

“Oh, I just happened to stop by.” She pauses, clapping her hands together. “This village has some of the best cuisine, you know.”

“There… aren’t any vendors around here, though.”

She sighs, closing the fan and tapping it on her hip. “I was on my way from one to the other, young Honda. Please, worry more about yourself, not little old me.”

You eye her, worried. That’s it? The Netherworld’s queen just drops onto your doorstep to save you from imprisonment and abuse just… because? 

You take a glance at the prone woman behind her, then to her eyes. The cuffs clink behind your back as you twist your shoulders.

“I…”

Yuyuko pulls her closed fan out and rests it against her cheek. She stares back, face neutral.

“I don’t know you very well, Ms. Saigyouji. But your presence here is… strange. Why did you choose to save me? And are you not angry about You—”

She clicks her tongue. “What next, Ms. Honda? Do you need to know how old I am? How many pounds I weigh?”

“What? No! I just… I’m worried. Why are you here, right now? Did you really just happen to show up right when…”

Yuyuko frowns, tapping her fan on her palm. “Look, young Honda. A wise, beautiful woman, entrusted with guiding the wayward dead, just saved you from a fate of near-certain slavery and degradation.” Her hands pause and her eyes narrow. “You’re studying my gift-bearing stallion’s dentistry so close you’ll miss the gift.”

You stare back, tilting your head as you rub your cuffs against each other.

She sighs. “I saved your sorry self. Accept it for what it is.”

You start to nod your head, before a thought rises from your past encounter with her. “And… what about the deal? Is Mystia doing okay?”

Yuyuko shrugs. “I did what I could, but she proved… difficult. I haven’t seen her since we parted ways, but I hear she has someone else to look after her now, so I’m sure she’s doing fine.”

“Who are you referring t…”

A quiet, squeaking wheeze sounds to your left, catching both your gazes.

Shizuha stands in the middle of the road, staring at Yuyuko, then Kogasa. A foot of hers shifts back as she returns to studying Yuyuko. She glances your way, then jerks her gaze back to Yuyuko again.

Finally, she clears her throat.

“Why, Ms. Saigyouji. Such a… wonderful surprise. Would you…” She glances your way again.

Her eyes fixate on your shoulders, then slide down your arms. You shrink away, taking a step back into the doorway.

She drops to her knees by Kogasa and, leaning over her, slides her hands up and down the girl’s body. Then she reaches under the girl’s vest, her skirt, her…

Yuyuko clears her throat. You both look up to find… nothing different. Then you hear it. Footsteps and quiet, muttered words. Two or three people are approaching and Shizuha looks like she’s molesting an unconscious woman.

“You girls should go back inside and let me take care of this one.”

Shizuha pulls herself back and turns back to Yuyuko, frowning. “Where’s the key?.”

Yuyuko waves. “I’m afraid I don’t have it, little goddess.”

Shizuha twitches, then shoulders past her, grabs your arm, and drags you through your door.

Once inside, she throws the door shut and nudges you to your table. You sit at it as she throws the dresser open and pulls a small box from it, then shuts it again. Setting the box on the table, she pops it open. It carries a set of tools much like the ones that mouse youkai used, back at the temple.

You would know, as this was how she broke you out of the collar.

She meets your eyes for a second. Then, blushing, she looks aside and twirls a finger in front of you, pointing down. Getting the hint, you turn away from her and set your wrists on the table. The picks slide into a lock on one side, then Shizuha clears her throat.

“Cuffs. Pinky and umbrella. Explain.”

“The lady offering the job was a youkai.”

“That ‘lady’ had better not be the one sprawled out outside.”

“…No. I had to run here, where Kogasa found me. She’s the one on the ground.”

“Kogasa. That’s the bitch’s name, huh?”

Small, quiet clinks sound as she works the lock. “Were the leather ones hers or Pinky’s?”

You lean forward, easing the angle your arms rest at. “Hers. Ms. Saigyouji saved me from her and cut them off.”

“Don’t t—”

“Don’t trust her. I know.” You sigh, sweeping your eyes around the house for somewhere comfortable to look. Somewhere your eyes won’t…

You settle on the door for now. “She’s too calm. Too happy, I think.”

Shizuha snorts. “They’re always happy to see you, Naoko. That’s the problem.”

You shudder. “I don’t think she should be. She’s the one who lent me Youmu.”

“Is she someone I should know?”

“Yes. She’s the swordswoman who saved me from Kogasa in the mansion.”

“Swordswoman, mansion… Oh, the one I found bare-ass naked.”

You cringe, lowering your head. “Yes. Ms. Saigyouji insisted I return her ‘pure’ or something, but Kogasa, she…”

The picks pause. “It’s okay. We’ll… wait, she got fucked, didn’t she?”

“…Yes.”

Shizuha returns to working the cuffs. “Of course, this shit would happen the one day I leave you alone for even an hour or two.”

“Maybe we shouldn’t have…”

There’s a clang as the picks slip. You glance over your shoulder, then flick your gaze back to the door the moment your eyes meet Shizuha’s again.

She huffs and slides them back in. “That’s… No. There was no other… It’s fine. We’ll get out of this again. Just like we did before.”

“When do you think she’ll… take me?”

“She won’t.” Shizuha grumbles. “No one else will, either. We just need to…”

There’s a click, and the left cuff pops open. The picks pull back. Sighing in relief, you pull the wrist free and turn back around to face Shizuha. You then stare at your cuffed wrist, where Shizuha angles the lock up and slides the picks in.

“She knows where we live and so does Saigyouji, now.” She lets out a long, tired groan. “We need to move, Naoko.”

You glance out the window, swallowing. After the many flavors of hell those few days had been, this is what puts a lump in your throat. “They can kick Kogasa out of the village, can’t they?”

“They can. And she can tell other dangerous youkai where you live.”

You shiver. “But she wouldn’t, would she?”

“Other youkai would carry you out of the village. To somewhere she can still— You know what? No, we’re not trusting her to the village. But we have no idea what Saigyouji would do.”

“Oh.” Your eyes leave the window, skipping past Shizuha to return to your wrist. “Is there anywhere else to go, though?”

“Yes! There’s—” Her picks freeze, then resume. “We can figure something out. But neither of us can fight youkai, even of her caliber. You’ve bounced back faster than I thought you would, but you’re not even as good as you were then.”

“Maybe we can just practice a bit?”

“Naoko, please. How much practice do you think we would need? That Saigyouji woman. She’s the one that ‘rules the dead,’ isn’t she? This house can’t shelter us anymore. It’s been broken into once, it’s bound to be broken into again, and as much as I…”

She pauses. You steal a passing glance at her pink face before staring at the ceiling. Another moment or two of clinks and rustles passes, then the second cuff pops free. You pull your wrist free as Shizuha tucks both cuffs away.

“Naoko, look.”

She points to a spot near the doorway, where a small black critter lurks at the base of the wall. “A damn roach even slipped in. Face it, it’s time to move on.”

I breathe in, then out, slow and measured. “Okay. But then, where?”

“Have you two tried the Hakurei Shrine? I hear it’s lovely this time of year.”

You both freeze. Yuyuko floats in the air, halfway through your open doorway, carrying Kogasa in her arms. Did you… did you leave it open?

Shizuha growls. “That shrine? Are you joking?”

“Oh, nothing of the sort.” Yuyuko steps down and, dumping Kogasa on that futon, opens her fan. Placing it over her mouth, she continues. “A few horny locals are nothing if you convince the shrine maiden to protect you.”

Shizuha flinches, shooting a nervous look toward Kogasa’s body. She clears her throat. “I couldn’t convince her to protect an anthill. There’s no w—”

“You should really try. Nothing short of drastic measures could save you now.”

“I don’t think that’s—”

“That reporter’s not going to leave you alone either, you know. Not someone as useful as you.”

Shizuha hisses, taking her eyes off Kogasa for a moment. “She’ll give us a damn day. Naoko needs to rest at least that long before we even think of—”

“Oh? You’ll stop her?”

“I…”

Kogasa stirs, making both you and Shizuha nearly jump.

“And what about those vampires? They’re quite upset with you. You were right about the umbrella, by the way. She’ll bring all kinds of trouble if she knows where you live. Then there’s that sparrow and firefly.”

You clear your throat. “The sparrow you lost?”

“Oh, hush, dear. Wherever she is, she still wants your tender clam.”

Your left hand, on instinct, slides down your gut and rubs your thigh.

“Oh, don’t forget about that temple you visited. I shudder to think how many innocent girls your gift has… dirtied since you showed up. And worst of all. You never delivered on that favor the goddess of obstruction wanted.”

“Goddess of obstruction?”

“Okina Matara.”

You shrink down. “Oh. She never called it in.”

Yuyuko chuckles. “That’s the worst part, you know. You have no hope of hiding from her when she wants it, and she’ll want something terrible. Trust me.”

You sit back up and stare into Yuyuko’s eyes. “Is there any reason you’re not on that list, Ms. Saigyouji?”

Yuyuko’s eyes flutter. “Oh? Do you think I should be?”

Your eyes narrow. “What do you mean?”

“Why, I can’t understand why you’d want more trouble. But if you need it, I’m sure I could find a way to…”

Her eyes slide to the futons. You and Shizuha both look away. She chuckles. “You have many debts, young Honda. Perhaps you should spend a little more time cleaning your ledger, hm?”

“Ledger?”

“You’ll find less trouble if fewer women feel you owe them.”

Shizuha groans. “Owe them sex, you mean.”

Yuyuko giggles. “Oh, it’s much worse than that. I dare say she’ll wish they wanted mere sex if she fails to address her troubles. Why, it’s only another two weeks or so until the next full moon, isn’t it?”

You look up. “What do you mean?”

“The wolf girl, obviously. She’s contrite now, but if you ever let her return to that state, then…” She trails off, smiling.

Kagerou. You gulp. She’d found you a day or two after you returned to the village. You’d mollified her with a rather profuse apology for failing to meet her once you’d returned to safety. But she still left upset. If the full moon returned, while she was still angry, then…

She promised she wouldn’t, but you’ve seen your effects on other youkai and you’re much less convinced of her resolve than she is.

“So, young ladies, what will you do now?”

“I don’t recall inviting you in.”

Yuyuko sighs, then takes a couple steps backward, into the doorway. “Please, let me know what you’ll do.”

“Wait.” You glance between Yuyuko and Kogasa, trembling at the thought of being left behind with that umbrella again. “We’re… almost done. You can stay for a moment or two.”

Shizuha takes a sharp breath. “Fine.” You glance at the cuffs tucked in her hand, just as she stands up. “Let’s take care of that bitch, then figure out where we’ll move to.”

Shizuha drops to a squat over Kogasa, wincing as she approaches the futon. She rolls Kogasa onto her front and pulls the girl’s hands behind her back. She snaps a cuff around one wrist, then the other. She gives the chain a quick tug, testing the cuffs’s strength. Then, stepping back, Shizuha drags her off the futon and turns to you.

You turn to watch the door when she does. Yuyuko’s still in the doorway, now watching Kogasa.

Shizuha grunts, setting Kogasa in the middle of the floor. “We need somewhere to keep her.”

Yuyuko fans herself. “Oh, don’t worry. I’ll be happy to take her off your hands.”

Shizuha twitches, her head lurching back to stare at Yuyuko.

You glance back down on Kogasa. She said she’d chain you to her wall. So she likely has something there you could chain her to instead, giving you a secure target to properly test your refined power on. You just need to interrogate Kogasa to learn where it is. But you also need to get stronger. And Shizuha’s right - you need to move somewhere else. You can’t stay in the village unless you manage to find a job, but if you drained the corruption from some of the less terrifying youkai, you might just find somewhere else to hole up, at least for a while.

You grunt and nudge Kogasa’s prone body with your foot. “Get up.”

She stirs and mumbles but remains prone. You drop to your knees and, pressing a hand to her shoulder, shake her.

“Get up.”

She groans and shifts her weight.

Shizuha steps beside her and slams a foot into her shoulder. She yelps.

“Hey, what gives?” Kogasa’s chain clinks as she pulls it taut again. “How did- Huh?” She yanks her arms out, again and again. “Wait, this… this is…” She twists her torso around.

You press your foot to her side, then using it, roll her onto her back. She yelps again, shutting her eyes. “No. Stop. This isn’t what I imagined at all…” She peeks an eye open, then stares up at you, sheepish. “Oh, uh… hi, Naoko. You’re not, not uh, upset about the stuff with your ass, are you?”

You inhale, sharp and tense. Really, that was a question? You press your foot into her gut and grind. She wheezes. “Okay, okay! No butt stuff. Got it.”

You pull your foot back and lean down, glaring. She pouts back, giving you visions of chains, Youmu’s pain, and battered flesh.

You glance away, wincing, then clear your throat. “Where’s your forge?”

Shizuha inhales, sharp and tense. “Why the hell do you want to go there?”

You open your eyes to find Yuyuko walking away, then fix your gaze on Kogasa’s arms. So far, they remain bound behind her.

“We need her equipment and somewhere more secluded to work, before anyone else decides to show up.”

“Hey! Stay away from that! You’ll mess it all up!”

Shizuha growls and drives her heel into your captive’s crotch. “You’ve done enough pushing her around, tool.”

Your… captive. Kogasa’s your captive, she’s…

Well, she’s wheezing right now. “Okay, fine. I’ll let you in. But don’t touch anything!”

“Good enough.” Shizuha leans down and, gripping Kogasa’s arm, hauls her up to her feet. Kogasa’s chain clinks.

“Hey, did you lock these the right way? They feel weird.”

Shizuha hisses and jerks Kogasa arm. “Just shut up and walk.”

“But if you didn’t push it in all the way, the mechanism will-”

Shizuha snaps her hand around one wrist and yanks on the mechanism, clicking it. Then does the other.

“Hm. I’m not sure if that’s en…”

Shizuha twists Kogasa’s arm. “Shut. Up.”

Kogasa squeals. “Owowow! Okay, fine!”

Shizuha glances back your way, frowning. “You’d better know what you’re doing.” You swallow and follow her through your door.

You take one last glance around your empty home, praying you’ll get a chance to return. “I hope so.”

Shizuha shoves Kogasa into the dazzling sunlight of high noon. You squint under the burning heat of the sun’s glare as you step out behind her. She marches Kogasa down the road, back toward the thoroughfare to the gate.

You get the nagging feeling you forgot something back at the house, but you struggle to tear your mind away from the experimental tugs Kogasa keeps giving her cuffs. Did she give them some secret escape mechanism?

She’s not going to break out and bind you again, is she? Shizuha grips her shoulders awfully tight, too. Is she worrying about the same thing?

The three of you wind through small streets and back alleys. Soon, you find a young man in a doorway, an old woman sipping tea by her front door, a younger woman walking your way.

Your breath hitches, your heart pounds. Shizuha marches just slightly to Kogasa’s right, so you stride up to her left. You slide your right arm around Kogasa’s back, over her wrists, to land on her right hip. Shizuha twitches at your presence but keeps walking. You plaster on a neutral smile, hoping to look natural. You’re almost there.

“Heya, people! How are you doing?”

You and Shizuha flinch at Kogasa’s outburst.

The young man sighs and disappears inside. The old woman scowls. “I’m tryin’ to enjoy my tea, young lady. Pipe down.”

Kogasa hangs her head. Then she yelps as Shizuha pinches her side.

Shizuha leans toward Kogasa’s ear. “Unless you want everyone to know what you’ve done to Naoko, you’ll keep your damn mouth shut, understand?”

Slumping, Kogasa nods.

You frown, looking down as you pass by the younger woman. Control and confidence aren’t your strong suit, but you have some practice in misdirection, thanks to a long list of horny predators and would-be predators. Then you break out into the thoroughfare.

Your chest quivers in short, shallow breaths as find yourself back among the throng of merchants, travelers, and socialites, but you hold the rest of your body steady. Yuyuko sits just outside a nearby food stall, munching on dango. You return your eyes to the crowds around you. Sweat pours down your chin, but it takes you only seconds to approach the gate.

…The gate. It’s too late to try to fly out, so you’ll need to go through there. While the authorities know of Kogasa’s past misdeeds, they don’t take kindly to lowly villagers taking these things into their own hands.

Still, between you, Shizuha, and Kogasa’s twitchy but otherwise cheery demeanor, you might just…

The guards glance you over. Nervous, you shift your right shoulder and smile. Kogasa smiles too, somehow even less sure than you are. Shizuha doesn’t wait for a response and brushes past them. You offer them an apologetic smile, uncertain of what to say. You get a largely indifferent shrug in response.

You walk into the shadowed interior of the gatehouse, then through the outer door and back outside.

Shizuha keeps going as you listen close for signs of alarm or annoyance.

You hear a quiet, idle murmur or two, nothing more.

You march down the road, putting distance between yourself and the walls. Only as the sound of chatter fades from your ears do you let out a loud, relieved sigh. Then you glance around, uncertain of where to go.

Shizuha, too, glances around in uncertainty.

You clear your throat. “Alright, captive, where is it?”

“That way!”

You glance to Kogasa. She blinks back, her chain clinking as she wiggles her shoulders.

You squeeze out an exasperated sigh.

Shizuha groans, then steps back and claps Kogasa’s shoulder. “You know where it is. Walk toward it.”

“Uh, okay.”

She shuffles down the road. You follow close behind, gripping her left arm tight. After a few minutes, she leaves the main road and heads into the woods, down a side path. Then you find it, a cozy wooden structure with its roof hanging over a fenced-in plot. On the left, you find a furnace, small table, and a trowel. On the right, a door into the building proper.

No tools, restraints, or other loose objects. There’s a small storehouse just behind the building, where she most likely keeps those.

Kogasa lurches forward, breaking free of both your hands to skip through the plot and to her door. You both sprint after her, catching back up just as she jerks her right arm forward, then sighs.

Shizuha throws the door open, then shoves Kogasa inside. You both step in afterward.

She’s got a cozy futon in the far-right corner. In front of which is a wooden panel with a trio of suspicious holes in it, held aloft on a pair of metal poles.

In the middle of the room, you find a low table. Sitting on that table, you find a metal ring with a pair of leather straps, next to a metal bar with similar straps. Then, taking up the left third of the house is…

A cage. With an open door and a futon in it.

A cage.

Shivering, you glance to Shizuha, who glares at Kogasa.

Small, strange loops litter the bars, too. And in front of the cage, along the wall, you find a soft blue cushion sitting atop a crate, next to a heavy chest. Atop that cushioned crate rests a pair of smooth metal cuffs and a familiar, leather-strapped metal panel with your name on it.

The gag she’d first used, back at the mansion.

Kogasa spins around to both of you. “So, uh… what did you wanna do?” She wiggles her shoulders, her thighs rubbing together. “Anything, uh… sexy?”

Shizuha glares at her. “Hell no. Naoko’s…” She clears her throat, visibly flustered, then turns to you. “Just what was your big idea, anyway?”

You face Kogasa, swallowing hard. You’re really doing this? You’re going to confine her, possibly torment her, just for a little more knowledge and better chance at your own freedom? You’re not really here just for revenge, are you?

Her eyes wander down your body, lingering on your breasts before landing on your crotch. You shift one foot a hair back, spine tingling. She’s not… she can’t…

Can she?

You shake your head. You can do this. You can do this! You need to do this. To protect yourself from her, if nothing else. You did it with Mystia and you can do it again. You can. You-

Kogasa hums, her chain clinking again. “So, uh… would you feel better if I got you some tea?”

Shizuha hisses. “Get in the cage, umbrella.”

“What? I made that for Naoko, not myself! I’ll offend it!”

You take another step back, will cracking. You-

No. No, no, no. This might be your best chance to seize any lasting freedom or control. If you don’t seize it now, you…

You swallow and harden your eyes. “You’re not the one in control anymore.” You march to Kogasa’s left, grab her arm, and haul her-

You stop a step past her, your arm stretched out to hold hers. You tug, squeezing her slender but firm muscles. She digs her heels in, leaning forward, away from you.

“No! I’m not going in!”

You turn around, grabbing the same arm with your other hand and pull. She stumbles slightly but holds you back. You heave backward.

Shizuha grabs her other arm and, together, you knock her off her feet, then drag her backward. She kicks and bucks, but with one final heave, the two of you throw her inside.

She tumbles to the carpeted floor as you both step outside.

You both slam the door shut and Shizuha clicks a lock where it meets the rest of the bars.

“Hey! No fair!” You turn to look through the bars at Kogasa’s pouting face. “C’mon, at least punish me sexily! I’m really good, I promise, just give me a chance!.”

Shizuha exhales, sharp and brittle. “Naoko, excuse me for a moment, would you?”

“Sure.”

Shizuha beelines to the chest by cushioned crate and the… and that damn gag.

Kogasa sighs. “Maybe you could torment me with your pussy? Or your breasts? I swear I’ll be good if you-”

Shizuha screeches, rooting through the chest. “Shut up about her damn body!”

Kogasa lowers her voice. “Maybe you could assault my body?”

You grunt. “Where’s the cage’s key?”

“…I left it on the table.”

What? No, you’d checked there. You step to the table and look again. Nothing. Confused, you walk around it, then find a small silver key laying on the wooden floor beside it. Pick the key up, you turn and march back…

Shizuha pulls her head from the chest. “Grab the bit gag while you’re there, would you?”

“The what?”

“The one with the bar?”

You glance back at the table, snap the bar from it, and walk back toward the cage.

Shizuha joins you, carrying a couple chains and a few padlocks. “Where’s the-”

You lift the key up.

“Oh. Alright, let’s get that door open.”

You move the key to its lock, then pause. Kogasa’s cuffed, but she’s strong. At least, compared to you. If you give her a chance to get back…

You shake your head. No. Confidence. That’s the only way you’re getting through this. Hands shaking, you slip the key inside and twist, clicking the lock.

The door swings open.

Kogasa shrinks back. “C’mon, guys. Don’t-”

Shizuha marches around behind her. “Hold still, tool.”

Kogasa shivers. “I’ll behave, I promise. Just don’t make m-”

Shizuha grabs her wrists and jerks them upward. Kogasa squeals. Shizuha hooks a lock through the middle of the chain between her wrists, then through the tip of her own chain. She clicks it shut.

“I… I’ll be good, I sw-RGH!”

Shizuha jerks her hands up again as she drags the other end of the chain to the cage’s ceiling and uses another padlock to fix it in place.

Kogasa grunts and strains, bending over at nearly a right angle as the chain pulls her arms rigid, over her back.

“What did you do? Why? That’s a really cool-ow!” She pauses, then takes a half-step backward, easing the pressure on her arms. “Come on, let me go!”

Sweating and twitching, Shizuha snatches the gag from the ground and walks toward Kogasa. She lifts the gag toward Kogasa’s straining face.

She groans. “Oh, come on! At least gag me with something that wasn’t made for Naoko!”

Shizuha cocks a brow. “Oh, you want the ring gag, then?”

“Uh, well, I made that one for you, so…”

Shizuha glowers, then hands the gag back to you and swings herself up around Kogasa’s back to land, sitting, on her straining, taut arms.

“OW! Get off. That hurts.”

She grabs Kogasa’s face and holds it still. “Just as soon as your obscene mouth is locked.”

Shizuha glances your way, then nods downward. She wants you to get Kogasa’s mouth open.

Wearing a somewhat twitchy, disbelieving grin, you step up and press the bar to her lips. Unused to the raw aggression Shizuha’s capable of, you fall back on what you’re more used to and stare into her eyes. “Open up, take it in, and the pain will go away.”

Kogasa’s lip quivers, her eyes moist as she stares into you. Then she opens her jaw and you slide the bar inside. Shizuha snaps up the straps and buckles them tight, then jumps off.

She pats Kogasa’s shaking shoulder. “Alright, she’s all yours. Now what’s the plan?”

“I need to run some experiments.”

Kogasa gulps. “Ehwihiwe?”

Shizuha’s eyes fall flat. “Experiment? How would that help?”

“I’m getting better with my aura, hopefully, if I learn how to use it-”

“Naoko, that aura’s a liability, not an asset. There’s better ways to improve.”

You take a slow, sharp breath in through your nose. “I could have dozens of youkai under my aura. We won’t be able to fight all of them off, now matter how powerful either of us get.. If I don’t…”

“Naoko, there’s nothing to learn. Trust me, this is just going to fuck you over.”

“Like Aya would have, had I not learned how to drain it?”

Shizuha’s face flares bright red. Why she’s so emb… Oh, right. Last night. Your own face burns at that thought and both of you throw your gazes away from one another.

Shizuha clears her throat. “Fine. Do what you have to do… b-but come outside when you’re done. I’m not… uh, urgh. I’m just… not sticking around for this.”

You nod. “Okay.”

Shizuha marches out and you turn back to Kogasa. The bar stretches her lips back, but she tries to smile, disarmingly, through it.

“Hwo ehe ah he, ahe?”

You harden your trembling face. You can… You’re not sure what you can do, just yet. You step closer to her. She leans forward on her tiptoes, her face nearing your crotch.

“Ahf?”

You frown, pausing a moment. This is… strange. Just what do you do here? What should you do here? What if Shizuha’s right, and the moment you start experimenting, she breaks out and rapes you again? Needing certainty, you place your hands along her sides. Then, slowly, you slide them down to her breasts, cupping them beneath her.

She wiggles, mewling just slightly.

You let go, then bring your right-hand crashing across one breast. She yelps, twisting her body away. Then screams as the attempt pulls her arms tighter.

With the other hand, you strike her other breast. She yelps again, slightly stiller.

She twists and shuffles but does nothing to fight you.

A nervous, heady chuckle escapes your throat. You can do this. You can finally do this.

You walk around her. She starts awkwardly rotating with you, so you plant a hand on her arms, pressing down.

She screeches, then stops.

You slide a hand along her ass, then stop just behind her. You give a whack hard enough to sting your hand.

She jerks forward, then, screeching as her arms are yanked again, shuffles back. You lean forward, sliding your right hand around her side, between her legs. She’d fucked you, beaten you to a tender pulp, and lowered you to less than the cuffs and collar she’d forced you into. But that’s all over now. You have her. You control her. You giggle as you press your hand into the folds of her skirt, cupping her crotch.

The one she’d forced onto yours, that awful night.

You dance your fingers on it. She wiggles her hips.

“You want me here?”

“Iwh whahe hawe hu ahf.”

Your left hand delivers a light strike to her ass. She whimpers.

“Yes or no?”

She nods her head.

“Good.” You withdraw your hand and step back. “Good. Then just admit to your crimes and beg forgiveness. Tell me just how badly you’ve fucked up.”

She squirms. “Iwh hwuhe hph whahe hu…”

…Oh, right. This is far too complex to get through the gag. So… what now? Do you just admit you fucked up and take the gag back off? Do you pretend you understood her and skip past this?

No. You need this. You desperately need this.

You walk around in front of her. She cocks an eyebrow, questioning.

You force a cocky grin. “Good effort, tool.”

She smiles. What?

No, you shake your head and reach your arms around her head. Unbuckling the gag, you peel it off, popping the bar free of her teeth.

“Now, try again.”

Kogasa blinks, then frowns. “I’m sorry, okay? Your ass was just so-”

You plant a finger to her lips. She pauses.

You pull the finger back. “What are you sorry for?”

She looks up at you, confused but contrite. “I’m… sorry I brought the mint girl in. I thought she felt left out, I swear!”

You frown.

She glances aside, shifting her arms. “And, and… I’m sorry I uh… raped you, I guess.”

You glare.

She squirms. “And, and… I didn’t ask you what restraints you wanted! And-”

You jam the bar back in her mouth. She gurgles, then pushes it back out. “Wait, Naoko, I can st-”

You growl. Grabbing a fistful of her hair, you yank upward. She hisses, wincing.

“You can eat the damn bar.”

Shaking, she nods. You let go and press the bar back to her mouth. She parts her teeth and lets you slide it back behind them.

You buckle it back up, muscles tense and gut twisting.

What now? Does the aura really twist their perceptions this badly? No, that can’t be.

If Shizuha can fight it off for as long as she has, then there’s more going on here than raw corruption. You’d come here to experiment and it’s time to begin.

You start with the simple thing. The thing you’d learned back at the youkai temple. You close your eyes and draw on your dark, dripping power. Kogasa’s lust already overflows from her, twisting and stretching out toward you, creeping around and down your back. You shake your head and push the energy out, into her. She squeals and groans.

Your eyes nearly fly open in shock. You feel like you’re pressing a small stream into a mighty, overbearing lake. But you keep pressing and, slowly, some traces trickle into her. You feel yourself calm slightly as it does, and you feel something drawing you toward her. Her chains rattle, her legs shift. You keep pushing until every ounce just starts flowing back to you. She stares back, squirming and tugging on the chains.

“Haohu! Haohu! Ahf! Haohu ahf!”

Then they start to creak. She tugs harder, leading to more creaking. Nervous, you shut your eyes again and draw it back. But the sheer weight of that lustful lake crashes through the resulting breach and cascades into you. In seconds, the creaking stops and even the clinks and clatters die down. But your own body, especially your crotch and gut, starts to burn.

When you open your eyes once more, you barely notice the chains, the confused eyes, or the way her feet shuffle. All you see are the clothed breasts hanging down, or the way her butt wiggles under that short skirt. Your breath comes short and shallow, your body shivers.

You need to fuck her. Now. But… you can’t do that when she’s like this, you nee-

No, wait. Her head’s at about the right level. If you removed that gag, undid your kimono, ripped your panties off, you could…

No! You can’t. Focus! You need to beat…

Your hands wander to your crotch. Her eyes follow them.

It wouldn’t kill you to give her another sample of your ass, if she gave your pussy enough love first, right?

You shake your head and slam your fist into your gut. This isn’t working. Shutting your eyes, you find those hanging breasts filling your mind. You grit your teeth and shove the aura back into Kogasa. As you do so, you feel pieces of your thoughts break apart and flow into the stream you’re pushing out. This stream flows readily into her for only a split-second before that resistance returns. Once the sex-drenched fog clears from your mind, you cap it off.

When you finally open them, you find Kogasa’s eyes sliding to your chest. She stares at it, like a… puzzle. Her head tilts, her face flushes. Something different’s happening. She’s even drooling, but that may just be the gag.

Shizuha clears her throat.

You jump, then turn to find her frowning back from just outside the cage, alongside the Yuyuko.

Yuyuko smiles. “Oh, my. I’ve heard such horrid tales of how this woman’s treated you. Are you not going to instruct her on the proper way to treat others?”

“When did you…”

Shizuha grunts, looking away. “Just now. I couldn’t stop her from barging in.”

“Oh, dear. That’s quite the position you’ve placed her in, but are you sure there isn’t more you could be doing to her?”

Shizuha groans. “We have better things to do. Are you done yet?”

“Of course she’s not, dear. She has a brute to punish.”

“Ihph ho he hwuh!”

Yuyuko glances to Kogasa. “Yes, I’m afraid you are.” She then returns to you. “Now, be a dear and add some retribution for her treatment of my gardener, would you?”

Yuyuko smiles, with a hint of… something behind it. Something unpleasant. Shizuha stares at the wall, visibly tense, even strained.

The thought of further tormenting Kogasa sounds delicious, but trusting Yuyuko’s a bad idea. You might be able to learn something if you play along, but you’d be playing with fire. Besides, your current power depends largely on Shizuha and you’d rather not push her before you have any backup source.

On the other hand, you’ve barely learned anything yet. You think the aura can do something when you push it into someone just right, something to do with your mind, but what?

And more importantly, how could you use it? Kogasa’s obsessed with your ass. Should you try to play on that, or against it? If you had someone less corrupted, could you use them as a vessel of sorts, for your aura?

“Sorry, Shizuha. I’m not done yet.”

She just stares back, gaze flat.

Yuyuko giggles. “Excellent. Now,” she levels her gaze on you, eyes firm, “how shall we begin.”

You take a step back but keep your brow level and eyes focused. “I’m not torturing her, either.”

Kogasa gasps, her voice chipper. “Whewe?”

Yuyuko tuts. “Ms. Honda, you may wish to reconsider your choice.”

You flinch. You also shake your head. “I’m sorry, Ms. Yuyuko. I need to do something else right now.”

She frowns, lips flattening out into a thin line. “Do be careful, Naoko, lest great…” She pauses, glancing out the window. All you see are a couple flies buzzing outside. She hums, eyes narrow. Huffing, she turns on her heel, casting one last glance your way. “I would hate to witness what misfortune may befall you.” She then strides out of the house.

Shizuha turns as well, but glances back your way. She exhales. “Please, Naoko. Don’t focus too much on this. There are better things to do.”

You glance away. “I’ll be out as soon as I can, I promise.”

She sighs, opens her mouth, then shuts it. She walks out, the swish of her orange dress the last thing you see before she’s gone. The door slides shut behind her.

Now it’s just you and a restrained, somewhat crazed youkai.

You return to Kogasa. She gnaws on the bar between her teeth, pouting up at you. Wrists shaking, she twists her shoulders and lifts her neck.

Now what? You can push your aura into her. You can pull it back out. And… something happened the last time you pushed it in. A… thought. A thought of yours flowed into her. So, you should…

You pace around her. Her legs now shake, possibly straining to hold her body’s weight so long in that awkward position.

Her shoulders shift. She stays in place now, but her eyes follow your every move. When they can, at least.

Is there a way to use this to keep her from wanting your body? You’d have to redirect her lust, somehow, but where? If you could just, for once in your goddamn life, get her interested in someone else…

Someone else. Could that work? Just picture someone like, say… who? Yuyuko? Shizuha? No. Bad idea. You need someone else, someone like… that other girl who first raped you? Her accomplice, that first night. If this works, Kagerou may well hate you in earnest. But she never did get her chance to properly pay you back for that night.

Breathing in, you close your eyes and feel out Kogasa’s corruption. Small tendrils now snake further up than they did before, toward your bust.

You pull.

Once more, that lust crashes through you, making your heart pound and your thighs quake. Breath catching, you hiss and push through the thoughts of sweat and shapely flesh to focus on the image of a single predatory grin, wild brown mane, and dog ears. Struggling to keep focus on that, rather than the lightly furred, curvaceous body underneath, you shove the lust back.

You find yourself staggering slightly, feet inching closer to her as the thought dissolves. A hand of yours runs through her hair, nudging her head toward you.

The need drains away and you stagger backward, opening your eyes. Kogasa stares at you, face flushed.

And… now what?

You close your eyes again, feeling her. The upper tendrils are gone and there’s a barely perceptible shift in the aura’s texture, but that’s it. You can’t read it.

Opening back up, you clear your throat.

Then spot the bar in her mouth. Grumbling, you reach around her head, unbuckle it and lower it from her lips. You pull it back, dangling it over the carpet by its buckle.

She looks up at you, hopeful.

You stare down at her, stern. “What do you… want?”

She blinks, panting. “I want you to fuck me.”

You raise a brow. Not to free her? Is she just prioritizing, or is there something else there?

“Is there anything else you want?”

She frowns. “I want you to start using my tools correctly.”

“Besides that. Anything else that’s, uh… sexual?”

“That’s really important!” She sighs, then stares at her feet, shivering. “Um, um… Well, I guess our first night together was really hot. If, if you…” She pauses, face red. “You, you know. If you wanted to, maybe, do something like that again?.”

You groan. That’s it? You give her Kagerou and she picks out the worst possible interpretation of that? What’s wrong? She at least glanced at your breasts, didn’t she? Does the aura only work if it’s fucking you over? Is it… would it work better if Kagerou was here, with you?

But… you glance around the house. It’s just the two of you. You’ve got no way to test this. Unless…

“Excuse me.” You press the bar back between her teeth.

Kogasa pouts but doesn’t otherwise resist. Jamming it back in, you buckle it tight and rise to your feet. Striding out through the cage door, into the main part of the house, you look across it from the cushioned crate to the far wall. Bed, gags, cuffs, strange three-holed post. Trying to play with any of them would no doubt just make her want to use them on you. And given her behavior so far, she probably wants that anyway. You need something else.

Your eyes drift to the chest next to that cushioned box. Walking to it, you drop to your knees and throw it open. Small walls divide the contents, revealing chains, bars, and cuffs on one side, a single, shiny blue cock on the other. Atop a small pile of black leather.

You snag the cock and rush back into the cage. It’s not a person, but it’s the best you’ve got.

Kogasa’s arms now twitch. She winces, hanging her head as her legs shake. You glance back at the toy cock.

To test your idea, you need her capable of riding it herself. Both her hands and her hips are too restricted to do anything with. Grumbling, you drop the cock on the cage floor and glance back through the main room. Key, key, key. Where did Shizuha…

There, back on the table.

You rush out, grab it, and rush back in.

Kogasa’s dress clings to her smooth, curving body. Her sweat drips off her chin, her breasts shifting as she twists her shoulders and shifts her feet. Drool drips from the bar, down her chin, to the carpet just before your sandals. Swallowing, you kneel in front of her, smiling.

She stares back, hopeful.

You hold the key in front of her. “You don’t want to keep hanging like that, do you?”

She shakes her head. “Hwo Hweh.”

“Good.” You stand back up. “Then, don’t move, okay?”

She nods.

You step around behind her, reach up, and grab the lock her chain hangs from. Gingerly, you insert the key and twist. The lock pops open and you rip it away. Kogasa’s arms fall to her back, followed by a loud, garbled sigh of relief.

Then a yelp, as you grab that tip of the chain and drag it toward a wall.

“Hwh! Hweh wehrh wu uhwih?”

“Be quiet, will you?” You pull the chain down toward one of those holes attached to the cage walls, set in close to the floor. Kogasa twists, cracking your focus as you yank her chain back. You fumble with the lock, shoving the front end of the u-shape through that hole. Then you pause. Something’s off. How did Shizuha do this? She… you shove the lock through the chain’s end, then snap it shut. Kogasa tugs again, pulling half-heartedly at the lock. The chains clink and ring, nothing more. Sighing in relief, you take a step back and stare Kogasa down.

She sags into the floor. She’s… trying to frown, probably. She kneels against the wall, arms now held close to her back.

You drop the toy between the two of you and kneel in front of her as you close your eyes. Still reaching, still clinging, you draw the aura back in, biting down as the need returns. And as breasts, pussies, and asses fill your mind. Kogasa, Kagerou, Wriggle… Youmu? Shizuha? You shake your head, gripping Kogasa’s shoulders to concentrate. Your hands, in nearly an instant, slide down to cup her hefty breasts through her moist vest.

She squeals, but you don’t care.

Clenching your brow tight, you focus on the toy cock and shove that thought back into her along with the corruption. She gasps and your lucidity returns.

Those tendrils now reach toward the toy. Letting go, you peel your eyes open. Flushing, she sends fleeting glances between the toy and you. Did it… did it work? Hands shaking, you grab the toy. She stares.

You inhale. “Ass up.”

She lifts her crotch. Reaching between her legs, you set the toy back down, facing up, directly under her crotch. Then you pause.

She’s still wearing panties. Face hot, breath shaking, you bring your hands out and around the outside of her hips. Reaching under her skirt, you grip the panties and slide them down, stretching them out a bit to make room for what she’ll do next.

Then you step back and wait. She stares at you, blushing. Her hips wiggle a little. But she otherwise holds still.

You give her another moment. Nothing happens. She still stares back, not questioning, but expectant.

Muscles tightening, fists clenching, you hiss. Then you lean forward and undo the gag once more, buckling it around her neck this time.

“What?”

She glances between you and her legs. “Aren’t you… aren’t you going to fuck me with that?”

“Why would…” Oh. God damn it! “You want that, don’t you?”

“Yeah. Is that wrong?”

Now you bite back a scream.

She… she gives you puppy dog eyes. “Please? Please, please please fuck me with…”

You tune her out. That was your last idea. What else could you try to do? Make her want to obey you? As if that’s ever worked out?

You pinch your forehead, exhaling long and slow. Shizuha was right. The aura’s useless, capable only of making your life worse. Your only hope is to pray no one powerful shows up before you and Shizuha can handle them. If you’ll ever be capable of that. And what about Yuyuko? She’s hiding something, and given your history with youkai…

You stare at Kogasa. She stares back.

This is the grand heights of your aura’s possibilities? It’s ready and willing to fuck you over. To drag you, kicking and screaming, into rape, humiliation, and bondage. But the moment you want anything from it, you get this? Just another youkai, stronger than you, with weird kinks she didn’t have before?

Which, given half a chance, she’ll try to use on you. This…

You suck in air, shoulders trembling.

“Um, Naoko. If… if it helps you get back in the mood, I’m sor—”

No. No. Fuck this. This can’t be all it has. Breathing hard, you clench your eyes shut and suck that aura back in. The need still comes. Kogasa’s body once more cries out for you to fuck it. Those juicy, round breasts, those healthy thighs… Were you just built to serve those things this whole time? Your heart pounds, you blink, again and again. Fuck it, just fuck it all.

You lurch forward, pressing your lips to hers. Out of any original ideas, you think of the damn toy again. Maybe you just need more power. Shoving your tongue down her throat, you rip more of the corruption from her. It comes faster this time, crashing through you before it begins to slide off and back into her. But you keep pulling anyway. You roll your lips as her own tongue only begins to shift.

You wait still longer, pressing your tongue to the sides of hers, pushing it into motion.

She pushes back, alongside your tongue and through your lips, moaning. You bat the tongue aside and jam that corruption back to her, thinking hard on that toy. The lust floods back out, crashing into her. The thought of that toy falls into the stream as the others did, travelling down the clearest path you’ve ever seen. The corruption penetrates to her core.

Tired, lust fading, you fall back, tongue lolling from your lips as the wet strand of drool between you snaps.

Still breathing hard, you glance back at Kogasa.

She’s still flushed, but her eyes travel back between her legs. She giggles, almost disbelieving. “Oh. So, that’s what you… what you wanted.”

Slowly, she lowers herself down, pressing her pussy to the blue cock.

“Well, if it’s for you…”

You get barely a glance of her lower lips parting before her skirt falls over the scene, obscuring it. Her crotch slows, squelching as it grinds its way down.

“Ooh… Naoko.”

You shudder, but the chains keep her affixed to the wall.

Flesh squishes around… whatever that cock’s made of. Inch by inch, her hips slide down until they hit the floor. Then she sits there, shivering and smiling back up at you. “Oh, Naoko. I’m so full.”

“You don’t have to—”

Shuddering, she lifts her crotch, her breath coming out slow and heavy. It’s working. There may just be something you can use it for after all. Kogasa swallows. “Naoko…” She hisses, then moans. “I, I want…”

With a loud squelch, she drops her crotch back down. She screams, her ass slamming into the carpet. “Naoko!”

She pauses, her body quaking. “Oh, Naoko. You’re so thick and hard.”

You wince. Was the dildo even that big? Compared to the other things you’ve tak— No. You’re free. You should...

Kogasa rolls her hips, the dildo still squishing inside her. “Ooh, ooh, ooooh.”

Shuddering, moaning, she lifts back up, hips quaking as she pulls herself up. Face twisting and clenching, she struggles to keep her flinching gaze fixed on you.. “Naoko, Naoko…”

The door slams open, accompanied by a harsh, brittle voice. “Hah! Got you now, Nao…”

Your eyes jerk upward as a pair of slender legs in poofy black shorts strides inside. Short, smooth green hair frames narrow eyes and a sinister grin, with a pair of black antennae hanging above it.

Wriggle.

Really? Another old enemy just happening to beat down on your door the very day Kogasa reappears?

You rise to your feet, breathing in. She flicks her black cape out and straightens her white dress shirt. Nose high, she turns in your general direction, her left hand gripping a red leash. Casting an arm out, she clears her throat. “Sorry, bitch. Naoko’s my slave n…”

“Oh, Naoko!” Kogasa shouts, her ass thumping into the carpet as she pounds the moistening ground with her hips. “Naoko, Naoko, Naoko!”

Focusing on her, Wriggle’s eyes widen and her jaw drops. She glances up to you, then back down to Kogasa. “But, that’s… I mean, you… it’s you! How…”

You glance between her and Kogasa, hammering the dildo, then clear your throat. “This, this isn’t…” Isn’t what? You shake your head. “It’s not what it looks like.”

Voice floating on near-ecstasy, Kogasa squeals. “Oh, it’s…” She moans. “It’s, exactly, what it… looks—” She screams, then sags back, into the bars. “Exactly what it… looks like.”

Coughing, Wriggle shuts her mouth and straightens her back. Her face twists back into a cruel sneer, though one twitching at the edges. Then she jerks on the leash hanging from her fist. Another figure stumbles in behind her in small, rapid steps. A long brown cloak obscures her features.

Wriggle clenches tight on the leash, grinning.

“You think that’s a slave? Well,” she chuckles, “check this out!”

She grips the hood over her companion’s head and yanks it down, revealing the fluffy pink hair and feathery ears framing Mystia’s dull glare, pointed at her feet. Her teeth protrude from lips stretched back by the thick wooden bit wedged into her jaw. Fat ropes bind it tight behind her head as streams of saliva trail from the edges of her mouth to her chin.

You take a step toward the cage door, eyeing Wriggle as she undoes the clasp over Mystia’s sternum and throws the whole cloak off. It falls to the floor, revealing crisscrossing lines of coarse rope, digging into Mystia’s pale, glistening skin. It winds down her body in diamond patterns that dig into the edges of her naked breasts, continue down her stomach, then run further down in a thick, knotted line, deep through her labia.

More ropes pin her arms to her sides and, from there, behind her back. One last rope runs around her upper thighs, lashing them tight together. Her wings sit close to her back, folded tight.

“Awesome, isn’t it?”

Mystia twists her body, turning her head to glare at Wriggle. Wriggle jerks on her leash, glaring back.

You take a half-step back, shaking your head as, for a split-second, your will falters.

Wriggle clears her throat, turning back to you. “You know what’s better?” She turns Mystia around to reveal that the ropes continue by binding her forearms together, between the diamonds on her back and the pair of strands running up between her ass-cheeks. Another set pinches her wings, pressing them tight to her back. Between those wings hangs a brown sack.

Wriggle throws the sack open, pulling out a bundle of rope, then sends you a sadistic grin. “Ready to join her, bitch?”

You breathe in, feeling the magic inside you. Kogasa never gave you a chance to use it, so it’s still fresh. But it’s also weak. You’ve got one good volley in you, maybe two.

She drops the rope on the table and turns Mystia back toward you. Standing behind her captive, she slides her hands along Mystia’s cheeks and, pulling back, loosens her straps. She re-buckles the gag around Mystia’s neck. Then, sliding those hands back to her cheeks, she whispers something into Mystia’s ear.

Breath shaking, shoulders shivering, Mystia inhales, glowering at the floor. “Wriggle—” Wriggle grips her shoulder, squeezing. “I… I belong to, to… to Mistress Nightbug, now.”

You level a tense, cautious stare at Wriggle. She grins back. You frown. “I can see that, Wriggle.”

Now she frowns. She walks, slow and steady, to the raised wooden panel by Kogasa’s bed, fingering a… hinge. You swallow. That thing wasn’t built to house someone, was it? Someone like you?

Kogasa twists her shoulders around, angling her head to watch her. “Hey! Don’t touch that!”

Wriggle whips her head back, then grins. “Shut that slave’s tongue, Naoko, or I’ll have to punish you in her place.”

You feel a shift in… something. Glancing down, you find Kogasa blushing and looking away.

You growl. “I’m not your property, Wriggle.”

She shrugs and, gripping Mystia’s leash, walks around the left wall, dragging Mystia close behind her. Mystia yelps, hurrying behind her in those quick, short steps again. Wriggle stops in front of the cushioned crate. She lifts the panel gag up and, letting go of the leash, runs a finger down the panel.

She’s almost on you, but no longer between you and the exit. If you’re going to act, you need to act now.

For just a second, you shut your eyes, sending a quiet prayer to Shizuha. Before you open them, you feel Kogasa’s aura. There’s a subtle shift in it, some tendrils pulling downward, in almost a bowing motion. More jarring are the somewhat thin but jagged strands grasping out from Wriggle, or the much thicker but rather soft lust wafting out from Mystia.

You’ve never fought Wriggle directly, but you doubt you could beat her one on one. Mystia’s restrained, but may be able to distract her, if you can get her worked up again. Kogasa’s dangerous but she’s also the only person with a chance of meaningfully fighting for you.

You could also try fighting Wriggle just long enough to try to drain her, but you doubt you’ll be able to drain much. 

Wriggle’s almost on you, Mystia’s useless, and you’re unwilling to trust your few bullets, alone, against her. Breathing hard, you stare down at Kogasa’s tense frown. Hands shaking, you kneel down and cup her cheeks, pulling her toward you.

“Hey! Wha-mph!”

You mash your lips into hers.

Her breath quickens, her tongue pulls back for only a second, then leaps to your lips. She’s already seeking more?

Not important. You suck her corruption back, bracing yourself as it slams back in, carrying with it a fuller, more intense appreciation of her wet, soft lips. Your tongue darts through them, meeting hers as you struggle to focus.

You need her. You need to fuck her so you— No. No, no, no! Focus! You need her to fuck Wriggle! No, fight Wriggle. You need her not to turn around and fuck you in th— to not turn around and rap-to enslave you.

You need to feed her an image. A thought. But what?

Shit, her tongue, darting and sliding around your own, tastes so good. You need that-no, not now. A thought, a…

A clack behind Kogasa. Wriggle set the gag down.

“Excuse me? Your mistress is right here, and you make out with…”

You tune her out. Focus. Fast.

You need Kogasa under your heel, but how?

Footsteps. Wriggle’s moving. You’re out of time.

Groaning down Kogasa’s throat, you shove the lust back, a thought of your foot breaking into that stream. A thought of your foot on her scalp.

“Stop kissing her! Those lips belong to me!”

You wrench your head away, sucking in air as spit falls down your chin. Wriggle’s almost on the cage door, her face red and sour. Snatching that key from the floor, you shove it into Kogasa’s shackles and rip them open, one at a time.

Wriggle exhales, then chuckles, her voice dark. “Show me your ass, Naoko. I’m about to turn it bright red.”

Trembling, you drop the key on the carpet as Kogasa pulls her hands out in front of her.

You take half a step back, your voice dropping to a shaky whisper. “Serve me, umbrella.”

Wriggle giggles, standing just inside the cage, one hand on her hip. “Really, hiding behind a slave?”

Legs and back shaking, Kogasa pulls herself to her feet. “You’ve got it!” Then she hurls herself toward Wriggle, crashing instead into the cage wall as Wriggle steps back through the door.

Wriggle frowns. “Fine, stay in the cage while I finish this bitch off.”

“I’m not a bitch!” Kogasa turns and leaps forward again, this time a smaller distance. “I’m a tool!” She glances your way. “I’ll be back in a minute, okay?”

You shake your head and stand, waiting until she turns back to Wriggle. Then, stepping slow and as quiet as you can, you creep toward the door yourself. By the time you reach it, Wriggle has Kogasa pinned to the wall by the door. Fuck. She’s already losing. You need to move fast, you need…

“I won’t let you bully her!”

Kogasa throws Wriggle off, only to get a faceful of green bullets in return. You strangle a gasp as one whizzes near your arm. By the time you glance back, Wriggle’s dragging her toward that panel by the bed.

Wriggle pants. “Too bad. She’s mine.”

You exhale, long as slow. One step at a time, you creep toward the door. Then, you—

A wide, rope-bound bust swings into view as Mystia staggers into the doorway, staring you down.

A soft thump and another blast sounds to your left. Turning, you find Kogasa pinning Wriggle into her bed. And a smoldering scar on the ceiling above them. You turn back to Mystia.

She smiles but remains rooted in the doorway. You stare back and gesture toward the bed. She shakes her head. You breath in, parting your lips to—

“Hey! Is that—”

Your head whips to the bed, just in time to see Wriggle roll around and slam Kogasa into the bed, herself. They didn’t notice anything.

Mystia still stands in your way, blushing and smiling. Swallowing, you shove yourself forward, into those fat breasts and rather perky nipples, letting them press into your kimono as you grip the doorway for leverage. You press yourself to the right side of the door as she digs her heels in. You push. Unable to use her arms or widen her stance, she just keeps pressing herself into you.

Small whizzes and pops sound from behind you, accompanied by indistinct grunts and yelps. If you can just get her fat tits, you could…

Kogasa yelps. “Hey! That’s not how that…”

You ignore them and reach an arm out, legs sinking as you stretch your foot past the door frame. Soon, chin pressed tight between those breasts, you press down into the hardened dirt outside…

She shifts, giving you more space. Then she swings around and, from the outside, throws her body into you, knocking you off your feet.

You tumble back, inside the house. One foot misses the floor and you fall. There’s a single moment of terror as walls give way to ceiling and the floor slams into your back.

Pain shoots through your skull and bones. For a second you lie there, dazed. A second later, a curvy, trussed-up body thumps into you, smothering you in fat, sweaty flesh. As your senses return, you find pale skin filling your vision. Planting your hands around the breasts on your face, you pull yourself out just enough to see Mystia’s lopsided grin staring back, which then puckers and…

She plants her lips on yours. You squirm, but it takes a second to recover your bearings. Then your hands move from her bust to her cheeks and shove her head up, off you. Her body squirms, too. Moisture drips from her upper thighs to dribble down your dress.

She whispers to you. “Finally, finally… I thought she’d never let me near you, you know. She’s so greedy.”

Voice near-silent, you answer back. “That’s great, but could you get off, please?”

“You’ll run away, won’t you?”

“I, uh… n—”

A foot slams into the floor by your head. Kogasa’s. Looking up, you find Wriggle slamming her into the wall. A small, hissing whine escapes your clenched teeth.

Wriggle growls, whispering something to Kogasa.

You turn back to Mystia, who leans back in for another kiss. You roll to the left, but she just rolls the opposite way, her weight pushing and returning you to your back. You roll to the right, but she just drags you back. All without even using her damn arms. She squirms again, rubbing your breasts with her tits and wedging her locked thighs between yours. You feel her moisture drip into the fabric over your crotch. And her knotted rope pressing into you.

Hissing, you—

Another foot strikes the ground by your head, Wriggle’s. This time, Kogasa shoves her back toward the bed. Another couple pullets whiz past her, flying over you. You shut your eyes, wrapping your legs around Mystia and shoving yourself to the left. This time, she slips off. Pulling a leg off her, you drag yourself up and—

There’s a quick, scratchy shuffle before Mystia slams into your side, knocking you to the ground. Those damn breasts once more bear down on you as her panting, leery grin looms over you. Her face descends, puckering again as—

A burst of light and sound strikes the ground beside you.

“Let me out, you stupid bitch!”

You turn to your left one more time to find Wriggle lying on the ground, one ankle hanging high above her, caught in the wooden panel’s nearest hole. Sweating, panting, and pouting, Kogasa stands nearby, feet tensed.

A small burst of green bullets burst out from Wriggle. Kogasa leaps to the— two of them explode near your side. She flings her gaze around the house. “Um, um… not that. No… Oh hey! Naoko. Gimme that rope!!”

“Fuck her! Get me out!” Wriggle bangs her free foot on the panel, barely shaking it.

You glance around, finding Wriggle’s loose rope piled on the table beside you. Gripping it, you fling it toward Kogasa just before—

Mystia’s lips press into your own. More lights and sounds burst nearby. Acting before thoughts arrive, you suck your aura’s corruption from her. If she’s less horny then she might be less int… she might taste better?

No. Little could ignite your body as well as her plump, soft breasts or that hungry tongue slipping through your teeth.

“What! No! He—!”

Then another burst hits nearby, startling you out of the daze. You throw your head aside, breaking the kiss. She glances up too and wobbles, rolling off to your right. Drooling, shivering, you grit your teeth and throw yourself up. Staggering back, something feels wrong. You turn to the bed. Wriggle now twists and strains, face down, her legs hanging taut, her back pinned underneath Kogasa.

“Get off me!” She jerks her leg a couple times, barely rattling the panel her ankle’s jammed through. Twisting her head, she glares your way as Kogasa lashes her wrists together, leaving a couple tails trailing from them.

Kogasa claps her hands together. “Good, now lets get you out of—”

“Wait!” You rush over to her, just as Kogasa slips a key into a lock on one end, then throws half the panel up.

Wriggle yanks her foot out and scrambles forward. Unthinking, you throw yourself at her, slamming her into the floor, just by Mystia’s startled form. She bucks, jostling you. Somehow, you hold firm, gripping her supple shoulders as Kogasa grips her kicking feet.

“Let go of me!”

“Hold her down!”

Unthinking, you plant your ass on the back of her head and press your arms into her firm, smooth thighs. Just past a taut, denim-wrapped ass that you’d love to beat.

Moving fast, Kogasa drags the rope to her ankles and, pulling them closer, wraps it around them, lashing them together, then ties them all off. Shaking, you pull yourself off, a steady trickle running down your thigh.

Wriggle screeches, then stills. “This isn’t over, bitch.” She lies there, face red and glaring, as she tugs her wrists back, then her feet forward. The ropes shift slightly, but they hold.

“You belong in these ropes, not me!”

Mystia giggles, then hisses, wiggling her locked thighs.

You’re shaking, even shivering. You need to unload your aura now. But where could you...

Wriggle growls. “Now get me out of this!”

Mystia cackles, voice catching each time her hips shake.

You lick your lips, drool trailing down your chin. You need to feed this to someone, but…

Kogasa clears her throat, eyes narrowing. “Um, Nao—I mean, Ms. Naoko. I’ve been good, right?” She shivers. “I’ll get a reward, right?”

Mystia freezes, twisting her bound shoulders. “Oh, oh. If I’m good, can I get one, too?”

You swallow. Oh, you’ll give someone a reward, all right. Your heart pounds, your lungs heave, and your pussy drips. You can unload the aura when you’re done with them.

Kogasa’s heaving breasts call to you, as do her full, curving hips and that bashful smile. In fact, since she’s the only one to have helped you since—

“I’m not done with you bitches yet!” Wriggle screeches, once more twisting and pulling at her ropes. “Just give me one-urgh. One second and I’ll-I’ll get you!”

Mystia sighs, happy. “Oh, give it up. You lost.”

Maybe not Kogasa. After all Wriggle’s done to you, a little… well, you’d like a turn to beat the ass she made you eat out. Then see where you go from there. Actually…

You glance back to Kogasa. She smiles, hopeful. You frown, she tenses. Maybe you should see if she’ll beg for it, first. And…

You glance back. Mystia flutters her eyes at you. Maybe, you shouldn’t sweat the small things. Maybe you could just fuck all of them, together. Who knows when you’ll get a chance like this again, after all. 

Your hands slide to your back, gripping the knot on your shash.

“Kogasa, strip!”

Not even waiting for her response, you work the knot loose, then rip the shash off your waist and toss it to the floor. You turn to watch Kogasa peel her vest off as you throw your kimono open. You angle your shoulders and arms back, then shrug the kimono off to the sight of Kogasa peeling her white blouse off and exposing the pale blue bra atop her hefty, juicy breasts.

Mystia leers up at you, drooling and grinning. You’ll feast on her body later.

You bring your fingers up to your plain white bra as Kogasa works on her skirt. With a snap, your bra comes off, freeing your breasts and the swollen pink nipples atop them. Your hands turn to your hips as you watch Kogasa’s skirt fall, revealing her healthy, shapely hips, but…

Wriggle pants. “I’m still, urgh,” she twists her back, “still going to claim that ass for myself, you know. And those tits, too.”

You glare at her. She glances between you and Kogasa’s scowl, then lowers her head, gritting her teeth.

Which reminds you, Kogasa needs to be locked down before she gets any ideas. Glancing around, you spot the familiar cuffs on the cushioned box. The second your panties hit the floor, you step out of them and lurch toward the box. Grabbing the cuffs with one hand, you spin toward Kogasa, then pause. Next to you is that chest you got the dildo from. Curious, you yank it open again, revealing once more the larger compartment, filled with chains and bars, and the smaller one, stuffed with leather. You root through the smaller one, soon finding something hard, but smooth.

You yank it out, finding another double-headed toy cock, this one a deep red, with three leather straps attached to the middle, between each head. You spin toward Kogasa, then pause, a bit of drool escaping your slack jaw.

The fat tits still hang off her shoulders, pink nipples swollen and chest heaving as she lies down, working the panties down her legs. You pause, glancing between her, Mystia’s squirming, rope-bound breasts, and Wriggle’s powerless glare.

Oh, you’re going to have fun today.

You wait only a second, until those panties are gone, then hurl the cuffs toward Kogasa. “Put those on!”

They land on her smooth, shallow belly, just above that naked, dripping pussy. She glances back your way, confused. “But, but these are for—”

“They’re for you now.”

She glances between you and the cuffs, her soft skin glistening, begging for you to mess her up.

Wriggle snickers, a little shrill. “Yeah, you’re going to be mine soon, anyway. Might as well—”

Kogasa glares at her, then back at the cuffs, hefting them in her hands.

You hiss, then march her way. Setting the dildo beside her, you climb onto her lap and, shivering at the thought of what’s to come, grab the cuffs. You stare dead into her eyes, breathing heavy.

“Wrists. Now.”

She looks into your eyes, then to your naked breasts. Then, panting, she looks away but presents her hands, palms up and open. You snap the cuffs tight around one wrist, then the other. You take a moment to appreciate the dull glimmer of those cuffs, the one’s she’d made especially for you. To control and enslave you, now restraining their maker instead. You glance down her body, under her now-locked wrists. The neatly-trimmed bush glistens with moisture. You’re going to…

You shove her back into her futon. Breathing hard, you drag her wrists over your head and past your arms, pulling her heaving chest close as you trap them behind your back. You feel every breath she makes now, every heavy inhale and shuddering exhale, as those breasts push your own tight to your ribs, then ease up.

Running a hand through the hair behind her scalp, you jerk her head close and plant your lips on hers. You extend your tongue through her lips, tasting—

Ropes creak as someone shuffles up behind you. You retract your tongue and glance to your side.

Mystia freezes, just past the futon. Slick, clear fluid runs from the knots inside her pussy, down her locked thighs, to form a trail behind her.

You scowl. Her face flashes red and she glances away.

She clears her throat. “Um, uh… Ms. Naoko. Could you, could I…”

You groan, sliding your spare hand down, between Kogasa’s stomach and yours, to your pussy. Pressing two fingers to the lips, you spread it open. “Get in here. And don’t disappoint me.”

“Y-yes!”

“But Naoko, I—”

You whip back to Kogasa, narrowing your eyes. “No.”

You lock lips with her again, plunging your tongue inside and pressing her own back, close to her throat. She warbles, swallowing. You don’t care. Your hand slides out from between your stomachs to wrap around Kogasa’s back and press her tighter to you.

Mystia shuffles behind you. You feel her breath on your ass first, then her lips on your pussy, then the tongue reaching in. You moan, loud, down Kogasa’s throat as your tongue shifts to the side.

She licks your tongue from the side, you push it back. Mystia’s tongue sinks further inside you, filling your pussy. You moan again, twisting your body, rubbing your breasts into Kogasa’s. Kogasa lets out a garbled mewl as your tongue sweeps through her mouth and—

You quiver, locking up as Mystia’s tongue slides up and down. Kogasa’s arms clench as you pull her even tighter to you. You’re fighting against her to breathe, but you keep squeezing, keep tasting her tongue. Mystia pushes back in and you shake.

Already, you feel yourself trembling, sweat dripping from your skin. Letting out a loud, lascivious groan, Mystia rolls her head under your ass, grinding her tongue into your eager, clenching flesh.

Your back arches, your pussy no doubt drenching her face. You shiver, moaning into Kogasa’s lips at the thought. You press your ass downward, sighing as Mystia’s tongue gets just that hair’s breadth further inside you. Kogasa’s tongue presses forward, pushing you back.

You lean forward, mashing your face into Kogasa as you bat her tongue with your own, then you feel the approach. A rolling, shuddering quake rolls up from your crotch to your shoulders. Your tongue retracts and your head rears back just in time for one last moan, followed by a needy hiss.

Mystia’s head still bobs and shifts underneath you, her tongue lapping up the juices that flow from you and licking your pussy lips.

This isn’t enough. It’s not even close to enough. You groan, pulling Kogasa’s locked wrists off you. You need more. You need more, you need more, you need…

“Um, Ms. Naoko. Aren’t you, you know, going to fuck me?”

You frown, then grin. “Tell you what, if you get on your knees and beg me hard enough, I’ll… think about it.”

You pull yourself up, swinging a leg up and off Mystia’s glistening face. Strands of pussy juice trail from her head and matted hair to your crotch, snapping one by one. The sight alone sends a warm shiver down your spine.

Wriggle grunts and heaves. “Just you wait, Naoko, I’m almost…”

Your hungry eyes turn to her and she freezes. One of her wrists hangs a short distance from the other and the ropes between her wrists and ankles squirm as she tugs on them. A single thought passes through your mind before you move.

“Kogasa, get her!”

In a flash, Wriggle’s eyes go wide. “Wait, wait! This isn’t…”

“Got it, Ms. Naoko!”

You shut her out, leaping to the open chest again. You shove both arms inside as you hear a tackle behind you. Chains, leather, another dildo… No, no, no. You toss the items out one at a time. You need something better, something like…

Like that long metal bar, with cuffs at the end. You rip it out and… find another… thing. A short, flat bar split down the middle, with two halves of a shackle welded into each side and a padlock hanging from one end. If you put Wriggle’s wrists in each half and close them together…

“Hey, let go! I’m so close, I ju—”

You wipe another strand of drool from your lips. Why the hell are you daydreaming? She’s here, now, and…

“Get off me, you bitch!”

You glance back. Wriggle twists around, her back pinned to the floor as Kogasa straddles her, those heavy, juicy breasts bouncing, jostled by Wriggle’s struggles. Kogasa pulls her own wrist-chain taut to grip the inside edge of your captive’s shoulders. Mystia kneels by them, ropes creaking as she shifts her shoulders.

You lurch toward them, landing just right of Wriggle as she gets one hand out of her ropes. She gropes across her own back, then latches on to Kogasa’s soft thigh, squeezing it. You drop the bar beside her. She flinches.

You snag her arm, shoving her wrist into one of the half-cuffs. She jerks her wrist. You plant your hands down to keep it in its cuff. She freezes again, turning to you.

“What the… you’re still…” She trails off, her voice a tone of resentful denial.

You grin back at her, licking your lips. “Kogasa, roll her over.”

“Yes, ma’am.”

She tugs at her ropes, panting. “You’re still mine, you dumb broad!”

Kogasa steps back, squats down, and shoves her onto her front.

Wriggle rolls over with a thump, screeching. She bucks twice, then stills, panting. The cloak lies halfway across her back.

“Give me her other wrist.”

You pull the captive wrist and open cuff up as Kogasa tears the loose rope off the other and drags it toward you, over her cloak. You hold one wrist in place while Kogasa places the other. Giggling just slightly, you free one hand to snap the cuffs closed, then click the lock shut and watch her pull and tug at them for just a moment.

Wriggle slams her feet into the ground. “Don’t fuck with me! I’m going to—”

You hiss, stomping your foot into her shoulder. “Shut up!”

She groans, growing still.

You grab her ankle and—

And she kicks both down, out of your hand.

“Kogasa, her feet.”

“Yes, Miss.” Kogasa turns around and, peeling the last of the ropes off, slips a leg around Wriggle’s shins, pulling them close enough for her to grip each one. Wriggle’s still squirming, but you get one end of the bar locked to her nearest ankle. Then, with Kogasa shifting both hands to the uncuffed leg, you shove them far enough apart to get the—

“What the hell are you doing!”

You click the second cuff closed. You step back. She squirms harder now, bucking and twisting.

“What the fuck? What did you do? You stupid, rebellious whore!”

You glance at the table, where Kogasa’s bit gag still lies, the other apparently having fallen off. Standing up, you…

You pause, noticing the familiar bracketed metal ring hanging from Mystia’s slender neck. Your mouth twists into a no-doubt disgusting grin. Mystia smiles back, hopeful but nervous.

You stand close to her, hearing a sharp inhale from her. Reaching over those bound shoulders and jutting, naked breasts, you unbuckle the gag and pull it back, then spin back around to Wriggle.

Mystia sighs, deflated.

Dropping your ass on Wriggle’s shoulders, you lower the gag over her eyes, much like she did when she—

“What? Oh, hell no! Get that thing aw-lph!”

Giddy, you jam the ring behind her teeth and pull the straps tight, earning an angry squeal when you buckle it to her head.

“Hwih wheh heh whu!”

Oh, her garbled complaints sing into your ears, brightening you to your very soul.

Still… that foul tongue of hers should be put to some use, for a change. Getting up, heart pounding, breath low and heady, you step back to the futon, and, leaning down, grab the toy dildo.

Glancing briefly at its straps, you lay down and line one head with your pussy. Shuddering, you push it in. You sigh, breath hitching as your pussy clenches around it.

You inhale. “Br-bring her here.”

“Wherh hwo!”

Wriggle twists and squirms as Kogasa grabs her shoulders.

You breathe, fast and shallow, hissing as you push the cock further inside. This feels nice, but nowhere near as nice as… well, what’s about to come. You groan, squeaking just slightly, as it slides further in. It fills most of your pussy, forcing the walls back as those straps hit your crotch. Sighing again, you pull them around. After a short fumble, you find that one runs between your legs and loops around one of the two at the back, which you then buckle together.

Pulling the straps snug to your skin and gulping at the subtle shift of a fat, toy cock inside you, you finally glance up.

Wriggle lies, still on her belly, facing you. Her fingers flex, her arms twist very slightly from side to side, and her feet, held far apart, bang on the floor. You reach out and run a hand through Wriggle’s dark green, matted hair. Then, grabbing a fistful, you twist.

“Oh, you and I are going to have a lot of fun, slave.”

“HRH HWOH WHUR HWAPH, HU WHR—”

You wipe a fleck of her spittle off your check. “Bring her closer to me, would you?”

Kogasa nods and, gripping Wriggle’s sides, slides her up onto her knees. You pull yourself to your feet and motion she keep going until Wriggle’s head lands just beside your new toy.

She stares at it, then you, in horror.

You grin, then yank her head up, holding it just before the cock’s head. “You know what to do.”

“Hleh!” She turns her head away. For that, you slap the exposed cheek and twist her hair further. She squeals, warming your heart.

You may not be as strong, but you can still hurt her. You squeeze again, just to hear her next squeal. With a nudge, you find she now lets you guide her locked mouth back to the toy cock. Giddy, you push her down it. She sucks in air, her teeth nudging the shaft just slightly as they slide down. Then she slows as the cock’s head bumps into something. Her throat?

Well, what do you care? Grinning, you wrap your legs around Wriggle’s neck and, planting your feet between her shins, drag her head back. She glares up, now through your thighs and your breasts. You quiver and shake, hungry sweat pouring from your skin as you grip her scalp hard, squeeze your thighs, and shove her back down.

She chokes and sputters, but it hits her throat, which then pounds it further into your own clenching pussy. You throw your head back, squealing in delight. Wriggle makes an angry, gurgling noise, which just makes you wetter.

You haul her head back up, getting you one last look at her wet, glowering mug before you slam her back down, once, twice, three times, four… you shove her head up and down, pumping it up and down your toy cock and, in the process, pumping that cock inside you. Wet sputters and angry gurgles accompany each push and pull.

Wriggle thrashes, only for Kogasa to grip the bar between her wrists and jerk it upward, shoving her screaming face into your crotch. Kogasa points a hopeful smile your way. You turn back to Wriggle, grinding your thighs into her head until the screams fade and Kogasa lets go of her wrists. She still twists and tugs, but fails to worm herself free.

You cackle. “What? Something to say? Want me to eat your ass again?” Kogasa pouts at that. Weird girl. Wriggle just slurps and sputters. “Want to shove your feet in my face again? Write slurs on my face?”

Now you’re shaking too hard to grip her, so you pinch her head between your legs. Squeezing tight and curling forward, you rock them back and forth. Wriggle gurgles.

“Ihglh glhe glrhu!”

You whole body clenches at that, at Wriggle’s flailing attempts to berate you, even as you pump your toy cock down her throat.

Your pussy squeezes, sucking the cock in as deep as the straps allow. Then, you drag her up again, nice and slow, watching the spit trail from her lips, down the cock, to your crotch. Then, you drive her back down and—

You scream, your world turning wet and hot as the cock pounds deep into you. Hips twitching, you rub Wriggle’s nose into your scraggly bush and squeeze her cheeks between your thighs. Oh, oh yes. You’re going to…

Wait…

You pull her back up. Spit and quim drip from her face as she levels her glare, now visibly tired, your way. You’ll give the bitch one thing: she’s got spirit. The exact kind of spirit she’d tried to beat out of you. But…

You can’t finish her off like this. Not by violating only her mouth.

No, no.

Your grin grows cruel and wide as you haul her off your slick, cold dildo.

“Hwu hiph! Ih hwih—”

You shove her back down, savoring her angry, garbled screech as your toy cock once more stuffs her mouth.

The head twitches, you giggle. “What? You want off my cock?”

Her head pauses, then, slightly, nods.

“Okay.” Slowly, you drag her back up. “But one more word and you go right back on.” You drag her up and off. Despite her scowl, she keeps quiet.

“Good.”
You pull your legs off and look her over. Drool and quim trail to the floor beneath her chin, she twists, her arms trapped over her cloak. Kogasa sits on her back, her cuffs jingling as she sways back and forth. She turns your way, smiling.

“I did good, right? How about now?”

You smile back at her. “No. Get her on the table.”

She pouts. “But I helped, didn’t I?”

Mystia, behind her, grins. “What about me?”

You frown, inhaling slow and sharp. “Kogasa.” You point to the table “Now.”

They both groan, their delicious shoulders drooping. Kogasa stands up and, crouching down, pulls her chain taut again to grab Wriggle under her shoulders and haul her to the table. Wriggle grunts in frustration and twists, then gives a futile half-kick, aborted when the bar keeps it from going anywhere but sideways.

Kogasa eases her down, onto the table, then lets go. It’s not a high, western one, so you kneel and rub a hand over her ass.

Wriggle shudders. “Hwoph… hwoph hwu wheh…”

You groan. “Do I hear more words, insect?” You glance toward Kogasa. “Keep this bitch’s mouth busy.”

“But what do—”

“Do it.”

“Then, then…” She glances to the cage. “One minute!”

She rushes off as you lean forward, sliding your hands to the waistband of Wriggle’s shorts. She flinches. “Wrh…”

“Shh.” You reach around, underneath her, and snap a buckle loose. Gripping both the shorts and the cotton panties underneath, you peel them down, off her plump, tantalizing ass until the waistbands just reach her upper thighs. Even here, the bar stretches her legs so wide that the clothing, in turn, stretches thin. Still…

“Hweph woph whe—!”

There’s a loud clap as your hand strikes her ass, getting a good jiggle out of them. She twists her arms, tugging at the iron bar between her wrists as Kogasa steps out from inside the cage, carrying a wet, blue cock.

You grin, shifting close enough to drop your own toy cock between her ass-cheeks. Then, pulling it back just slightly, it falls through, hanging between her thighs. You slide forward again, rubbing it against her belly as Kogasa steps in front of her.

You slip your right-hand underneath, pressing the cock up against her—

“Surprise!” Kogasa leans down, grips Wriggle’s chin, and shoves it through her mouth.

You growl. You’ll need to punish her for her poor timing later. Overeager dumbass.

Whatever. You press your dildo’s head to Wriggle’s dry pussy, earning a delicious, if garbled, squeal of surprise from her. Your push soon halts, grinding into her coarse, stubborn flesh.

But you won’t let something so dull slow you down. You just jam it in, shoving it through her hard, squishy flesh until your hips thump into her ass, jerking her head down Kogasa’s toy. She screeches around Kogasa’s dildo in alarm and pain.

Already, you feel the heat inside you flare back to life. You hold her there a moment, impaled on your toy cock. She squirms of course. Squirms and groans. You sigh, giggling at her pained, angry helplessness.

Then you pull back, savoring the way her hips twitch as you leave. You slide your hands down her thighs. Then, gripping them tight and rolling your hips, you shove back into her.

You pound your toy in and out, in and out, squelching as she bounces on you. Each thrust knocks her back, just a hair, each pull drags her with you, just an inch.

She says something. Just as garbled, as gurgling as before, but less angry. More… pleading.

You don’t care. Your left hand leaves her thigh to crash across her ass as you pull back. She groans. You strike her ass again. She groans louder.

You strike her again, and again, spanking her with every other thrust, until she pipes down.

But now it feels too good. You can strike her, hurt her, control her. She’s yours.

You keep beating her until she makes a new, delicious sound.

It starts as a strangled mewl. She’s shaking, shivering. She’s hot and sweating. She wiggles her ass, trying to pull away. You grab her thighs and yank her backward, onto your shiny red cock. She squeals and pulls away. You yank her back again. She groans. You slam your hips forward, into her, hard.

She screams onto Kogasa’s blue cock, not in pain, but pleasure.

Then you pull out, letting the head fall from her dripping pussy.

You stagger back, strength fading until your ass thumps back into the futon. Her juices trail from her legs, to the cock still hanging from your crotch.

Both Kogasa and Mystia glance your way.

You turn to Mystia, leering at those fat breasts, squeezed tight between their ropes. She’s harassed you with those oversized tits every time you’ve been with her. Time for some fun.

“Mystia. Over here.”

Kogasa sputters. “But, but Ms. Naoko, I…”

You raise a flat palm, grinning. “Haven’t begged me yet.”

Kogasa pouts as Mystia gingerly steps forward, that rope still lashing her bare thighs together. “Oh, take me now, Naoko.”

You lean forward, face near the fluffy crotch she’d smothered you in before, inhaling the aroma of her desire. Licking your lips, you grip the lashing between her thighs and, finding the finishing knot, work at it until you pull a strand loose. It takes a few seconds, but you soon have the lashing off and, with it, you unwind and undo the rope around her thighs entirely.

Dropping that rope on Kogasa’s floor, you scoot aside and pat the futon. “Lie down.”

She thumps to her knees in almost an instant, fluttering her eyes as she turns around and lays on her back. She spends a moment shuffling and angling her back, her lashed wings twitching as she does so. Unlike the ropes around Wriggle, these still hold quite firm, still digging into her skin, those knots still spreading the lips of her dripping pussy. You turn and swing a leg across her face, your toy cock hanging just above her lips.

“Kogasa. Dildo.”

“Dildo? What do you mean?” She glances around, then pulls the toy out of Wriggle’s mouth. “Oh, this?” Wriggle sputters and gasps.

You nod, impatient.

“Okay, here.” She tosses it your way.

Catching it, you slide it up Mystia’s belly, toward the knots in her pussy. Your muscles clench, torso twitching in anticipation as you slide the head up and down those knots. “Want to cum, bird?”

She breathes, hot and shallow on your lower gut. “Yes, please.”

“Who do you belong to?”

“You, Nao—”

You slap the dildo across her thigh. “Mistress.”

“Mistress Naoko.”

You giggle. “Good enough. Now,” you lower your hips, just slightly, “show me how badly you want it.”

In an instant, you feel your cock shift. Not pushed, so much as nudged. She’s licking it.

Your spine tingles at the sensation, but you need more. And… you glance down, between your thighs, at those breasts. The ones she’d haunted you with so much. The ones she’d shoved you…

You pull your left-hand aside and give her right breast a solid whack, then another. The cock inside you jostles as she flinches, then jerks, pushing up onto your cock. A moment later, you hear a distinct slurping sound. Satisfied, you lower yourself just a little further and lean close over her rope-parted pussy.

You run your finger over those knots, pinching one between your fingers and raising it, just slightly. Mystia swallows, just slightly, around your cock. Her jaw shudders as you run your finger under those knots, pulling back to drag them into the edge of her pussy’s lips, then pushing forward to grind them over her clit.

Mystia lets out a gurgling hiss, your cock jostling again. You inhale, sharp and sudden.

Reaching in, you peel the knotted rope back to press the blue dildo to those lips. She shudders, her mouth slowing as she hisses again. You hold it there a moment. She squirms underneath you, legs twitching. Her anticipation—made blatant by the way she rubs those thighs together, wiggles, and lifts her hips just that tiny bit—sets your loins on fire.

But… you snicker. She’s stopped working. You lean to the side and, passing the dildo to your left hand for just a moment, give her breasts another good whack with your right. That gets her going again.

She pushes your strapped-on cock up, into your clenching muscles. Shivering, letting out a small mewl, you jam the toy down her cunt. She twists, body shaking as she squeals. You shiver around the cock now shaking inside you. You twist the one in your hand, earning a squeal and a full, rolling quake out of it, followed by—

You yank it back out, juices dripping from its sides, down her crotch. She shakes, then twitches. She groans, low and sad, around your cock.

You grin, rolling your hips. “Well?”

She gurgles, then thrusts the cock up, into you, jerking your hips upward. You slam your hips back down. Then, shivering and sweating, you press the dildo back between those puffy, sopping lips of hers. She hisses again, body seizing, but after a split-second, she’s pumping your cock again.

Your own breath comes out heavy and cracking, but you push the dildo to one side, then the other. She squirms, lifting her hips. Then you gasp as she shoves your cock deep inside you. Gulping and drooling, you roll the dildo around a couple times. Mystia’s actions slow as her hips start to quake again. Hands rattling, you twist and tug the dildo back out, inch by inch.

You squeal in pleasure as her hips sag, as she cries out in incoherent disappointment.

Then she redoubles her efforts. Her body shaking and spasming, she slams her face into your crotch, ripping a moan from your lips and tearing the strength from your legs. Twisting her bound body, she thrusts hard, in and out, in and out. You gasp, you squeal. Her desperation to please, to cum, sends your body into burning, raging spasms.

You collapse over her, panting and moaning. You can’t even tease her anymore. She’s just so damn servile. The first, shuddering scream bubbles up as—

“Um, Ms. Naoko?”

You look up to find Kogasa kneeling before you, her shackled hands in her lap. You hiss, biting your pleasure back. “M-Mistress.”

She laces her fingers together. “Mistress Naoko. Can I please have sex with you?”

Sprawled over Mystia, getting your cunt pounded by her, you stare Kogasa in the eyes.

You gulp. “No. N-not g… try hard… harder.” You plant a quaking hand on Mystia’s dildo.

Kogasa frowns. “Will you help me cum, please?”

“Try…” You gasp as Mystia slams into your crotch again. “T-tr-tr… try ag-gain.” Clapping your hands around the tip, you start to pull it back out of her again. Mystia turns frantic, thumping in and out of you. Your crotch shakes, bouncing on her pecking head.

“Um, Mistress…”

You glance up, wincing, struggling to focus as Mystia keeps pounding you. Kogasa, still kneeling, shuts her eyes and bows her head. Her legs quake, one shackled, shaking arm planted between them, wedged tight against her crotch. She squirms, rolling her hips on that arm as she parts her panting lips. “Please, I’m yours. I’ll do whatever you command, just…” She sniffles. Sniffles. “Just give me this and I’m yours, forever. I swear.”

Even now, you can feel the corruption rolling off her, threatening to drown you. She drops her head to the floor, bowing. Crotch thrumming from the cock Mystia’s beating into you, you scream in ecstasy. For a moment, your vision goes stark white, blinded by the pleasure searing through your body.

Then, drenched in sweat, you peel yourself up to view Kogasa’s prone form.

Wiping your shivering brow, you grunt. “Good enough.”

Hands quaking, you shove the dildo deep inside Mystia, earning one last squeal before you let the knotted rope slide over it. She won’t be getting that out on her own.

You then drag your shaking body to its feet, shuddering as your cock’s jostled between the sides of Mystia’s mouth, then pops free to dangle between your legs.

You glance back at Mystia, letting out a long, quivering breath. “Your… your turn’s over, now get up.”

“But, you never, I didn’t get to—”

“You still want to cum?”

Frantic, she nods.

Another cruel grin splits your face. “Use Wriggle.”

“But, h—”

You shut your eyes and wrap your arms around your stomach, hissing in mock annoyance. “Not now, Mystia. Fuck her instead.” You stare at her, rubbing your shuddering sides as her eager smile evaporates.

She whines in protest. Then, pouting, she rolls to the side. Dropping your ass back on the futon, you pat your thigh. Kogasa grins, skips up to you, and lowers herself down, onto your legs.

As she does, you grab her wrists and guide them once more around, behind your head, and under your arms.

Then, finally, you grip the slick, sticky cock protruding from your drenched pussy and angle it up. You grin. “Ready?”

She smiles back and lowers herself onto the head. With your spare hand, you grip her ass and—

She shoves herself down, jamming that cock through your squeezing, still-needy pussy. Your breath hitches as Kogasa’s hips hit you, her breasts mashing into yours once more. You moan, hissing and sucking in air as she pulls back.

She slams back into you, tearing a lascivious scream from your throat. Your back curls, both hands now clenching her ass. She squeals in pleasure as she wraps her shackled hands tight around your back. She squeezes, tearing the breath from your lungs as she pounds you again, hard.

Your breath comes out in shuddering whimpers as she slams herself onto you, again and again. You gasp and choke in pleas—

In pain. Your pussy’s still dripping with need, but her thrusts keep hitting too hard. You squirm, rolling your hips and working your arms between your quaking stomach and her own.

“St-st-hrgh!”

She grinds one long, hard thrust into you. Gritting your teeth as she scrapes through increasingly tender flesh, you press your hands into her gut. Heaving, you slow her down for a moment.

She pulls back, blinking.

“Just sl—”

She smashes her slobbering lips into yours and shoves her tongue through. You gasp and gulp, only for her to shove herself back down your shaft. You pant, coughing as the pain returns.

This stupid bitch. You press into her ag…

Her lips bull back, flecks of drool flying off. Panting, head swaying to the beat of her bouncing hips, she smiles. “You’re so, so…”

Panting, gasping, you frown. “Slow d—”

She slows down just slightly. “I just… You sounded, so, very...” she gulps, “happy with, Mystia, and… and Wriggle.”

Something shifts behind Kogasa, then Wriggle’s body thumps onto the floor.

“Wrgh!” She protests, metal bars striking the floor.

Her right foot bumps into your right thigh.

With a thunderous slam, Kogasa’s crotch smashes into you, pounding you hard enough your legs jerk outward, striking Wriggle’s hips as they do so. Kogasa slows for a moment and, as she does so, you slide a foot forward, finding a stretched pair of shorts first, then a bare pussy.

As Kogasa pulls back, that pussy jerks and twitches.

“Wrh! Hwh! Whrph! Wh—” Wriggle yelps until Mystia drops her crotch on the bitch’s face, smothering her voice.

Kogasa huffs and pants. “I’m doing good, right, Naoko?”

You blink, savoring the way Mystia grinds her coarse ropes and sweaty crotch up and down Wriggle’s face. “You’re acceptab—”

Then, Kogasa slams into you once more. You screech, a mixture of pleasure and pain as her hips slap into yours. Wriggle’s body bounces beneath your twitching, spasming foot, to another rhythm.

Then Mystia moans.

Kogasa’s next thrust drives the cock against a sweet spot, ripping another scream from your lips. As it does so, your quaking foot strikes that soft, wet pussy, hard. Wriggle screeches through Mystia’s crotch. You like that sound.

You drive your weight into Kogasa’s gut, stifling a scream as you slow her down. Kogasa curls forward and latches her lips around your nipple, sucking hard. She squeezes her arms tighter around you as she finally slows down. She wiggles her hips and impales herself hard on your cock, stuffing you to your limit as she pounds it in. You groan, low and hungry, your toes poking between the lips of Wriggle’s pussy. She pulls back and drives it forward again, in a series of slower, harder thrusts.

You gulp and let out a long, needy moan, no longer caring for the pain. You just need to cum again.

That pussy jerks forward, onto your toes, as Mystia moans again, rolling her hips. You drag your shaking hands up from Kogasa’s ass to wrap around her back, pressing her tight as you slam your hips into her. The shaft drives forward, stuffing your pussy and tearing another scream from you.

Juices ooze beneath you, Wriggle lets out another pained yelp as your toes jerk, driving into the side of her pussy. Mystia squeals in pleasure.

Kogasa coos and moans, thrusting with you. Your sweat mingles with hers, your bodies quaking. She drags her lips to the side to plant a series of light, shuddering kisses on your heaving breasts. Your arms freeze into a vice-like grip around her as the boiling need and desire rise toward the surface.

It starts soft and low, a light tingle of the spine, a new kind of warmth in your gut. Then it grows, fast and raging and mighty. You throw your head back. A low moan turns into a rising cry, then a rising, wailing scream. It rises in pinch to a shrill squeal before it finally trails off and your energy wanes. You sag into Kogasa’s thumping breasts as she keeps pounding your jerking hips.

Then, a moment later, she squeals, an equal mixture of satisfaction and girlish joy in her voice. She sags into you, her weight pushing you to the floor. You land with a light thump, the ridged edges of her cuffs and chain biting into your back. Rank sweat and mingled juices coat your bodies and fill the air. But that’s fine. Idly poking at Wriggle’s twitching pussy with your toes, you giggle, then cackle. Then you laugh. Long, loud, and free.

Blissful, you crane your neck to watch the way Wriggle squirms and twitches under Mystia’s dripping, rope-bound crotch, sliding back and forth over her face. At some point, Mystia hunches over and squeals.

Still, as you lay there, Kogasa atop you, you wonder how you’ll fuck them next, or…

You swallow, drinking in the stench of sex and the little ways that Kogasa’s hips shift, stirring the cock inside you. You have captives. Slaves? You have power and it’s time you see how you can use it.

You groan, running a hand down Kogasa’s bare back. Giving her ass one last squeeze, you push her to the side. She grunts, opening her eyes as you pull her wrists up and off you. Muscles clenching, you peel your toy cock from her and pull yourself to your feet.

Your juices seep out from around that cock’s base, trickling down your leg. You lick your lips, crotch twitching for more. A shudder rolls through you as you find your eyes wandering between the girls around you, looking for your next feast.

You shake your head. No, no. You need to empty this lust somewhere, now. Thinking fast, you lock eyes with Mystia, still rolling her hips over Wriggle’s twitching face.

Mystia’s eyes fly wide open as you lunge toward her. You drop onto Wriggle’s gut, your dildo slapping down between her small breasts. Wriggle flinches, squirming beneath you. Gripping Mystia’s cheeks, you pull her in for a kiss. She moans as you lock lips with her, shuddering as you shove your tongue inside.

Swiping your tongue across hers, you pound your lust into her. She squeals, pushing back as your burning need fades to a dull ache. Rolling your lips against hers, you wring out the last bits of corruption you can squeeze, then pull back.

Blushing, her bound chest heaving, Mystia licks her spit-slathered lips as Wriggle twists under your crotch.

You lift your hips and slam them back down into Wriggle’s gut. She yelps, muffled by Mystia’s crotch, then grows still again. You stand back up, panting. Now you need to think, but…

As your body cools, you find your eyes sliding down your naked front. You wrap your arms around your exposed breasts, shrinking from the giddy leer that Mystia sends your way. You’d just fucked three different youkai, not to save yourself, but for… for pleasure. Because you had to get off.

That’s… that’s not who you are. That’s never been who you are. It’s what they are. What they do. You’re not, not one of… Your mind wanders to Mystia’s desperate, needy struggle to cum, to the Wriggle’s impotent rage.

That wet heat returns at the thoughts, followed by a warm tingle as the cock inside you shifts. Hissing in frustration, you snap the buckles off and, breath hitching as your pussy clenches down, you peel the cock from its sheath and hurl it at the wall. With a wet bounce, it flops to the floor beneath.

You shake your head, gripping your sides, then glance around the room. Kogasa’s already looking back up at you, her hands barely cuffed, and Mystia’s still leering. You need them somewhere— You glance to the cage, then back at them.

You clear your throat. “Kogasa, Mystia. Get in the cage.”

They glance at each other, then back at you. Mystia rolls her shoulders, ears fluttering. “Aw, c’mon. Can’t we go another round, first?” She wiggles her hips, getting a disgruntled, muffled yelp from Wriggle. “This bug’s been doing a pretty poor job, you know.”

You step around behind her. Then, gripping her hair, you twist, pulling her up, off Wriggle.

“Owowow! Okay, okay!”

You let go. She sulks, but twists and shuffles to her feet, then turns and steps toward the cage. You stare at Kogasa, she glances away. You take a step forward. She shudders.

You breathe in, slowly. “Going back on your promise already, umbrella?”

She yelps, then jumps to her feet and follows Mystia. Mystia gives you one last, pleading look, then steps behind the bars.

You sigh, relieved as you step over Wriggle. She glares back at you, her face soaked, her hair matted, and her antannae drooping. Her lips shift, teeth bared by the ring between them. She wiggles, her disheveled shirt twisting. That reddened pussy peeks out from between her bare, parted hips, framed between her rumpled shirt and stretched shorts.

“Hwo hu hph!” She gurgles.

You grin and crouch down. Idly, you slide a finger between those teeth. She throws her head to the side, knocking your fingers out. You shrug and shuffle around, behind her head. You then reach under her shoulders, hauling her to her feet.

“Whrh hwo, whrh hwo!”

She twists and squirms, but you just hold tight and drag her backward. She kicks, but the unwieldy bar between her ankles makes her flailing strikes slow and awkward. Once you reach the door, you find Mystia rubbing her thighs together while Kogasa gives you puppy dog eyes.

You turn and hurl Wriggle inside, then step out and shut the door. Clicking the lock shut, you walk back toward the table you’d fucked Wriggle over and lower yourself d—

“Don’t forget to fuck us, okay?”

You glance back to find Mystia hunched over in a corner, while Kogasa presses her cuffed hands to the door, waiting for an answer. Wriggle sits against the same door, banging the back of her head into the bars.

You pause, finding yourself unwilling to outright deny her. “We’ll see.”

Kogasa pouts, stepping back. You return to the table and...

You’re still naked. Groaning, you grab your kimono from the floor and throw it back over your shoulders. Then, dropping your ass before the table, you lean back.

Now what?

“Applying proper maintenance is key to keeping your tools in good shape, you know.”

You glance to the cage, to find Kogasa now gripping the wall, a few steps to your right of the door.

You narrow your eyes. “What do you mean?”

She flinches. “W-well, you know. If, if you fuck me every now and then, I’ll be happier.”

You frown. She shrinks back. “A-a-and! That means I’ll be more productive and useful!”

Your frown cracks. Useful? What could you even use her for? And, besides… you narrow your eyes. She’s switching from stubborn to submissive awfully fast. Is that just the aura manipulating her, or is there something more?

No, you shake your head. That’s not important now.

You got more than what you came for, but what do you do now?

You can’t just return to your home in the village anymore. Even if the house itself were still safe, you’d have run out of funds soon, anyway. But where else can you live now, here?

You pause, glancing around the building. You can’t just leave the youkai alone. They’d break free eventually and, no doubt, find you again. Unlike your village home, this place has enough restraints for you to keep them under control. Hopefully.

But if you’re going to stay here, if you're going to live with these beasts, what are you going to do with them? Just keep them in that cage forever? You glance around again. The futon won’t fit both you and Shizuha. Well, not unless the two of you…

No.

With a few more restraints, you may be able to pull the girls out during the day. Thankfully, Kogasa seems to have plenty of those. You’ll have to ask her about them later, though. But what about food and water? You know a thing or two about crops but foraging and hunting are beyond you.

In fact, acquiring any kind of food would entail leaving this building, into the dangers of open wilderness. Any kind of horny youkai could be lurking just outside. And if you don’t leave, you’ll need to depend on one of the girls here to get your food. That…

That’s not something you’re ready to commit to.

And this all says nothing about the bigger, more dangerous women still out there. What did Yuyuko want? What will Okina do? Should you worry about any of the Buddhist youkai? And what about Aya?

You lean forward, rubbing your scalp.

You need a way to deal with all of them, somehow. You need—

“Urgh. Come on!”

You flinch, looking up. Mystia frowns back, face red, as she leans into the bars, then thrusts her crotch forward, digging her crotch rope deep inside her. “Just fuck me already!”

You turn away. “No.”

“Please fuck me?”

“No, Mystia.”

Slam.

The cage shakes. Mystia staggers back from the bars. Kogasa sighs, sitting against the back of the cage.

“I made this super strong, you know.”

Mystia screeches. “I don’t care! I just want Naoko to fuck me!”

You groan. “Shut up and wait your turn, bird.”

“No. Please, Naoko. Mistress. Please. Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me!”

Clenching your teeth, you pull yourself up. Grabbing that bar gag from the floor, you glance around, finding a key by the raised panel with holes… thing. You’ll need Kogasa to explain that device to you at some point.

You snatch the key and walk to the cage. Kogasa leaps to her feet as Mystia jumps behind the door. With the bar in your left hand, you slip the key into the lock and, unlocking it, slide the door back toward you.

You cock a brow. “You want my attention, Mystia.”

“Yes! Yes, yes, yes!” She nods her head, frantic.

You swing the door open and, reaching an arm behind her head, grip her scalp.

“Hey, what a-lph.”

You jam the bar between her teeth and buckle the straps behind her head.

“Whrh huh hwehoh. Wh—”

“Shhh.” You then glance to Kogasa. “Hey, you want a shot at fucking me again?”

Kogasa nods, frantic.

“Good. Keep her inside, would you?”

“Yes, ma’am!”

“Mistress.” A warm tingle travels up your spine as that word leaves your lips.

“Mistress!” Kogasa swings her shackled arms up and drops them down, around Mystia’s body. She then steps back, pulling Mystia away from the door.

Smiling, you shut and lock the door again.

“Phweh, haoho. Hwuh he, hwuh he.” Mystia moans.

You ignore her, returning to the table until you hear a creaking, scratching sound. Glancing back, you find Mystia wiggling out from under Kogasa’s arms. You sigh, happy to be in control, but otherwise exhausted. Then Mystia presses her body to one of the bars. Her knees bend forward, just fitting through the bars as she presses her crotch to the one running up her torso.

She makes more garbled sounds, almost mewling as she does so. You get back up and march toward her, just as the house door slams open. In a flash, you pull the sides of your kimono across your body, concealing most of your skin.

Shizuha stands in the doorway. She glances at you, narrowing her eyes until her head swivels to the cage. She freezes.

Kogasa lifts her hands to wave one, while Mystia looks away, still pressing herself to the bar.

Shizuha takes one step back, then looks to you again. She breathes in.

“Naoko. I need you to explain, carefully, what happened here.”

You swallow. “What’s there to—”

“I saved her from Wriggle!”

You both glance to find Kogasa smiling back. “Then she rewarded me with really good sex.”

Shizuha’s face darkens.

You gulp, turning to her. “I couldn’t fight her on my own. You know that.”

Shizuha groans. “That explains the smell, at least.” She walks inside, pointedly stepping over a discarded bra. “And the underwear.” She huffs. “Let me guess, the new girls came here to rape you.”

“Whrph hee! Whrph hee!”

You hiss. “Shut up, Mystia!”

Shizuha takes another twitching step toward you, looking pointedly away from Mystia. She steps to the wall by the door and leans into it. “So, you fucked Kogasa.”

“Ahf hee.”

You both turn to Mystia, wiggling her hips as she grinds the bar.

Shizuha raises a brow. You slump. “Her, too.”

“Was that a reward, too?”

You sigh. “No.”

“Did you fuck her willingly?”

“Yes.”

Shizuha slumps. “Why?”

You blush, staring at the table. “I had to drain her.”

“She doesn’t look all that drained, Naoko.”

You let out a rather nervous laugh. “I couldn’t hold it in forever, so I…”

She clicks her tongue, her voice tired. “You stuffed it back inside her.”

You nod. She pauses, shutting her eyes tight as she pinches her brow. Then, exhaling slow and controlled, she glances to the cage door, which Wriggle still sits against, mumbling something angry but quiet and incomprehensible. “You fucked her, too. Didn’t you?”

Quiet, you nod again.

Something… something feels off about this. About Shizuha. You’d never dated, married, or otherwise committing anything of yourself to her, save your belief. Why behave like this is some act of infidelity?

She swore that last night was purely for your sake. She’d… accompanied you so you could finally sleep and focus on finding a job in the morning. She didn’t… she didn’t lie, did she?

She coughs. “A-anyway.” She fixes her stern but somewhat red gaze on you. “So, you’ve got a bird masturbating right in front of us, plus a couple more girls locked up in our new cage. Any idea what we’ll do with them?”

You sigh. “No, nothing yet.”

Shizuha’s face goes blank, then her eyes narrow. “I see.” She looks upward, at nothing specific. “So, we’ve got three captives and no plan.” Now she sighs, drumming her fingers on her left arm. “What now, what now?”

That’s the big question, isn’t it? Despite your captives, there’s still a whole host of dangers in the distance. You may still have time to train or practice or something, but you’re worried. In the meantime, just what do you do with them?

Shizuha bites her lip, glancing to you, then the cage, then off at one of the walls. Or perhaps, through it. She’s thinking about something, but choosing not to say it. Honestly, you’re happy to have her back, given she’s still the only person you’d trust with yours.

Come to think of it, Yuyuko left at about the same time Shizuha did. Where did that woman run off to and will she come back?

Actually… You glance to the cage yourself. Mystia’s still rubbing the bar, moaning. Kogasa glances between you and Shizuha, smiling but nervous. Wriggle can only be described as ‘sullen.’

The safest thing for the short term, by far, would be to just leave them there and work out what you and Shizuha will do, first. But…

For once, you’d managed to leverage your aura into something useful. It’d be a shame to just let that opportunity fall to the wayside. Perhaps you could see if they’ll be any good for simple chores, then go from there. Alternatively, Kogasa did save your ass. If you pushed them hard enough, you might just be able to beat enough loyalty into them to use them in more sensitive or dangerous situations in the future. 

You take another glance to the cage, where Wriggle still sits, locked arms pressed to the bars. Kogasa watches, eyes locked on you. And there’s a visible shimmer on the bar between Mystia’s gyrating legs.

Ignoring the way that bird’s blush deepens when you look, you turn back to Shizuha, who frowns, still looking off in the distance. You clear your throat.

“I’m sorry, Shizuha. I can’t think of anything. What about you?”

She startles. Then, glancing around, turns to the cage herself. “Hm. Well…” She glances your way, then back to the cage, then to the house door. “Yuyuko and I chatted a little, while all of…” she gestures toward the cage, “this went down. I may be able to get her to help us, if we give her Kogasa in return. We’ve got too many captives anyway, so…”

“What? You can’t do that!”

You both turn to the cage, to find Kogasa’s brow drooping.

“C’mon, Naoko! You said I’d get to have sex again if I behaved!”

Shizuha frowns. You pinch your brow. “Kogasa. Shut up.”

“But, but…”

You whirl on her, slamming a fist into the bars. There’s a loud clang, followed by a lingering ring. Cowering, she backs away from the bars. You turn back to Shizuha.

“So, you think we should give her up?”

“Of course, we should. We’ll have fewer potential enemies to manage and may even get something in the process.”

“Oh, okay.” You rub your hands, glancing back at the cage and Mystia’s rhythmic grinding. Is that a good idea? To just get rid of your best hope for new support?

Shizuha frowns. “You don’t look so sure.”

You sigh. “What if someone worse shows up, Shizuha?”

Her eyes go flat. “We might just get rid of a big threat by ditching her.”

“And if the next girl’s too powerful for us?”

“Then at least we’ll be less distracted! You’re not…” Shizuha shudders, “you’re not seriously thinking of keeping them, are you?”

“I…” you swallow, “don’t know. We don’t have much to protect us, Shizuha. You know that.”

She flings a hand in the cage’s direction. “And how will these help?”

“They obeyed me. Some of them saved me. Maybe they can help us again. If we trained them…”

“Trained them? How?”

You clench your fists. “I, I don’t know. But we need something and these girls are the best chance I’ve ever had.”

She audibly bites down a screech. “Theyare? No, no.” She breathes in and out. “They’re a danger, Naoko. Every moment we keep them is a chance for one of them to break free and destroy what little security we’ve achieved. We need to get rid of them.”

“Wrgh hu hoo!” Wriggle screeches. Mystia, panting and gulping, bites out a garbled, indignant chirp.

You blink. “All of them? Not just Kogasa?”

She pauses, visibly deflated. Voice tired, she responds. “...Yes. All of them.”

“But… how would we even do that? Does Yuyuko care about either of the others? She wanted Mystia before, but didn’t seem to care when she disappeared.”

She pinches her brow. “I doubt it.”

You groan. “Then what would we do with them? Just drop them in the woods, hoping they behave and leave us alone? Wriggle found me in less than an hour since I came here! And she showed up the moment you left!”

“We can-” She pauses, looking down. “Look. We’ll do something. We’ll figure this out, but they’ll weigh us down until they’re dealt with.”

You bang a fist on the cage bars again. “What more could we do? They’re caged and restrained already. How could we possibly protect ourselves better?”

Shizuha stares at the ceiling. “It shouldn’t be that hard. We just need to put them somewhere else.”

“Why, Shizuha?”

“Because this is the only house we have, and you need to be far away from them!”

“U-um.” Kogasa clears her throat. “Excuse me, mistress and other lady. But this is kind of my house, so…”

Hissing, you step forward, toward Shizuha. “And if someone does show up while they’re gone? What then? What’s your plan?”

“Oh. Okay, just ignore me then, I guess…”

“Look, Naoko. You just need to trust me, okay?”

You take another step. She shrinks back.

You inhale. “You know what? It’s fine. There’s no point in trying to get rid of them until we have somewhere else to put them.”

Shizuha pauses. She glances toward you, from the corners of her eyes. “I… I may know a place.”

You clap your hands together. “Really? Why didn’t you…” You freeze. “A place to keep these girls captive?”

She shuts her eyes, face reddening. “Th-th-that… that’s not, not important.” She gulps. “What matters is that it’s safe and that they’ll be out of our hair.”

“But it can be used to keep them captive, can’t it?”

“...Yes.”

You fall to your back foot, staggering away. “And, and you avoided bringing it up until now, didn’t you?”

“It’s not… I mean, I never meant it for you… it was just, just…”

Her eyes flit from the roof to the floor to the cage to the open chest. You grip the cage bars for support. That’s… that’s a dungeon, isn’t it? ...Is it? Does she have a dungeon? If she does, why would she… what would it be fo… why did she have to say it wasn’t for you? Unless…

“Shizuha, what is it for?”

Her eyes lock onto the far wall, away from you.

“Shizuha?”

She holds still.

“It’s not a dungeon, right?”

Slowly, haltingly, she shakes her head.

“Then, its purpose…”

She gulps, wringing the front of her dress.

Your pace quickens. She’s never hid anything like this from you before, has she? Why so distant now?

“Shizuha, please, speak to me.”

She remains quiet.

You swallow. You need to do something. You need answers.

Breathing in, you close your eyes. It’s fine, you’ve felt her corruption before. Sure enough, there’s barely the faintest waft in your direction. Like she said last night, she’s got it all under control. It’s perfectly all right. It’s…

There’s a twitch, a flicker, then something dark and perverse crashes over you. You step back, shuddering.

“N-Naoko. What the hell are y…”

You tune her out. Where did that… it came from Shizuha’s general direction. But… that’s impossible. You just felt her. There was nothing of the sort.

Did it come from further out? Is there someone else about to strike? Were you right all along? Is someone else going to…

No, no you weren’t. You feel another flicker, coming directly from Shizuha.

“Naoko, please, don’t fuck with me.” Shizuha speaks fast, voice strained and frantic. “Don’t push any of that filth into me.”

Filth? Does she mean your aura? Your corruption? But… feeling further, you find a tight, compact mass in Shizuha. Like, like…

A barrel, filled to the brim with rice, then sealed shut with iron nails and rings. But rather than rice, it’s, it’s… You can’t quite tell just how much is stuffed in there, as it feels too different from any other corruption you’ve ever felt.

But it’s a lot.

In an instant, you’re breathing fast and shallow. Sweat beads across your skin.

“What the hell did you…” Shizuha pauses. “You… didn’t fuck with my heart, did you?”

Slowly, you open your eyes, lip trembling.

Shizuha pales. “You… you read me, didn’t you?”

Wordlessly, gulping, you nod.

She shivers. “It’s… it’s not that bad. It can’t be. I’m not…” She grips her collar. “I don’t know what you saw, Naoko. But trust me, I swear I’ve still got it under control. I won’t attack you, I’d never hurt you. I promise.”

“That…” You lick your oddly dry lips. “That dungeon you have, what was it…”

“Oh, come on! It’s not a dungeon! At least, it’s not supposed to be. It’s just something we can use like one, for as long as we need to.”

You twitch. She grips her hair. “A dungeon for the others! Not us. Not you. It’s, it’s…”

She wraps her arms around her gut, leaning forward. “Please, Naoko. When we returned to the village, you put your faith in me. Because of that, we almost got you back to being able to properly fly, to generate bullets. But I need you to put your faith in me one last time. Give me the girls and I’ll get rid of them. I swear you’ll never have to see that place. Just… just have faith, please.”

She sounds intense and sincere, but the evidence…

Do you trust her? Can you trust her? If you give her the captives, will she follow through on her word? Would it be a good idea even if she does?

What if you gave her the captives, waited until she left, then tried to follow her? What would you find? Do you even want to know? Would it be worth the risk? 

You decide you need to know more.

“Okay, Shizuha. I’ll trust you.”

She blinks, mouth twitching upward. “Really?”

You swallow, a slimy feeling crawling up your body at what you’re doing. “Yes. Just take them and… do whatever you’re going to do.”

She smiles for just a second, before flattening her eyes and lips. “Of course. Just give me a little bit, okay?”

She spins on her heel to stare at the cage. In almost an instant, she focuses on Mystia, who’s still panting, biting the bit between her teeth, and rubbing herself on the cage bar.

Shizuha groans, then glances at you. She clears her throat. “Um, Naoko. I’ll take things from here, so just meet me in the village, okay?”

You flinch. “Alone?”

Shizuha swallows. “I’ll be as quick as I can, I promise. But…” She glances around, face turning pink. “I need to do this alone. You have faith, don’t you?”

You glance between her and the front door. No. You don’t. But you need her to think you do. And, honestly, this might work in your favor. You just have to cross your fingers she won’t sense it’s insincere.

At least, before you’ve finished.

Still, you swallow. “Okay. Be careful, okay?”

“I’ll be as quick as I can, Naoko. I promise.”

Nodding, you step toward the front door.

“Um, Naoko…”

You glance back, to find Shizuha holding a sash in her hand. You glance back down your barely-robed body. You then look back up to Shizuha, face hot. You snatch up the sash and shuffle over to your discarded underwear.

Shuffling the kimono around a little, you get your bra back on. You grab the sticky panties, then pause. You catch a faint whiff of… yourself on them, but barely. They’ll do for now. Sliding them back on, you secure your sash and, with a wave, step out the front door. Shizuha barely nods as you leave.

Idly, you glance through the open-air forge you’d marched Kogasa through, then walk toward the village road.

Then, stepping out of her little enclosure, you walk toward the road to the village.

You glance around, finding only clear skies. You poke at your collar, finding the kimono somewhat stuffy in the warm, heavy summer air. Still, you need to focus. Shizuha thinks you’re going to the village and she’ll leave the building at any moment. You need to hide somewhere to slip behind and follow her, but where? Behind a tree? A bush? You scan the woods around you.

Then you hear footsteps. Panicking, you leap into the trees, pressing yourself up against the fattest one you can find. You shut your eyes tight, feeling out the clusters of corruption around you. Two sitting still, somewhere about the forge. One moving, and another one… Shizuha moving ahead of it.

You crouch down, inhaling. If she spots you, you’ll… tell her… you got turned around? No, that someone attacked… no. You suppress the urge to shake your head, breathing fast as…

As Shizuha and the other blob take to the air.

To the… air.

Shit.

Opening your eyes, you leap to your feet and sprint in their general direction.

Your feet pound through the dirt as you shut your eyes again. They’ve left the road, heading into wooded wilderness. Hissing, you open your eyes to leap through underbrush and over cracking twigs and leaves. The light dims, spackled by the canopy overhead. You shut your eyes again. They’re further away, but you still feel them.

Them and… no, not important.

You leap and sprint a bit further, your breathing already labored. You stop to rest at a tree, feeling out for them again. Nothing.

You’ve lost her. Wonderful. Now wh…

You’re not alone. A cluster of black lust drips from the air above the trees, somewhere in the distance. Shuddering, you drop to the wet, scratchy forest floor and crawl under a wide, heavy bush.

Holding your breath, you wait there as the cluster meanders through the air above you. Once or twice, it floats toward you. Each time, your heart slams into your throat until it turns and wanders away. Slowly, its movements grow more distant.

Then another cluster appears, this one intense but tightly-packed, like… it’s Shizuha. Another, more seething cluster follows close behind. They sail past you, off to the side and low to the ground. Back to the forge, almost certainly. Once she’s gone, you pull yourself free of the bush and creep in the direction she’d come from. You’ll give your aura one thing, at least.

It’s proving damn useful today.

You wander off, hugging the denser trees. The sunlight fades, growing warmer but dimmer. Then, as you take another stop to rest, you feel Shizuha approaching again. She’s following a straight line, but not approaching you.

Either she’s going somewhere else, or you’ve wandered off course.

Cursing your luck, you wait for her to pass, then adjust course. You’ve barely crept for a few minutes before she’s leaving again. You’re close. Very close.

But that’s her second trip complete. One trip left, then she expects to see you in the village. ...If she’s not about to just pawn off Kogasa.

Either way, you need to move.

You jog forward, stepping as light as you can. You swing your eyes from left to right, finding trees, trees, and more trees. Shizuha was in and out fast, so it must be nearby. So where is it?

And, and why is it so hard to find? What kind of dungeon does she have? That-that is, it’s not a dungeon, right?

You clench your eyes shut. What if you were right and it is a dungeon? What then? Do you just ditch Shizuha and pray to achieve freedom alone? Do you try to get your captives ba…

Two faint clusters of lust, somewhere ahead and… below you. You should focus your search there and--

That thing from before is back, floating in the air above, moving toward you. Straight toward you. Your eyes whip open, studying the trees and underbrush above those assumed captives. You…

There. A hint of a window. Racing forward, you duck under a heavy branch to find a small shed. Racing up a small set of stairs to the raised platform outside, you shove the door open and leap inside, shutting it behind you.

You take a moment to breathe as you study the building. Crates, barrels, and chests fill the structure, leaving only a small swath of exposed tatami by the door. Feeling out, you find the predator from outside still moving toward you, and the other two still below you, only slightly off to one side.

Unless there’s a pit or something right next to this building, the entrance will be somewhere inside. If not, you’re fucked.

With the setting sun filtered by canopy, then by branches and small windows, you can barely identify the various crates and barrels. But still, squinting, you study the room for something, anything strange.

You need to see what Shizuha’s cooked up, get the hell out, and beat her to the village. Which means you need to see that door now.

But where the hell is it? Darkened crates, barrels and chests fill your vision. What does she even use these for? Why can’t you-

One of the crates sits at an odd angle. Looking closer, you find the faintest hint of curving tracks underneath it. On wood, not tatami. Creeping closer, you find a handle recessed into the floor, just by the edge of the angled crate.

Gulping, you squat down and lift, revealing a ladder and a barely-lit stone tunnel underneath. A trap door.

Lit from below, rather than above. Gingerly, you swing onto the ladder and, gripping the ladder with one hand, lower the door above you. As it taps shut, you take one more look into the flickering light below and start climbing down.

As you work your toward the light, you find rust-colored leaves littering the wooden floor below. What on earth…

Thump. “Whf hwih hwuhiph!”

You freeze. Shit. Shit. You never considered this. The captives could expose your presence to Shizuha. What to do, what to do…

Another thump, then yet another. You step off the ladder, looking around. A pair of thick, wooden beams rise from the floor to the low, uneven stone ceiling above, where they criscross with each other and…

And a wooden cage wall at the far end of this stubby tunnel. Nervous, you creep forward, just making out two figures on the other side of that wall. One wide and curvy, with fluffy pink hair, that metal bar in her mouth, and a…

A wide, red and brown strip wrapped around her eyes. She’s wiggling, but the grate makes it difficult to make out what she’s doing.

The other figure, with green hair and a ring gag, wears a matching strip around her own eyes as she slams her head into the wooden wall.

They’re blind.

That’s… you exhale, shuddering in relief. Good, good. Now, you’ll…

There’s a shift somewhere above you. You shut your eyes and…

Shit. Shizuha’s up there with the last captive. Kogasa.

You whirl your head around the chamber. Leather-strapped chair, hanging ropes, mysterious, empty dishes, and a couple loose crates in the corner. You need to hide. Now.

Unable to think of anywhere else, you duck behind the far column as you hear someone climbing down the ladder. Shutting your eyes, you’re-

“Quit struggling, you filthy, disgusting pervert.”

“Wrh hwe uhweha! Hwe uhweha.”

There’s a rustle, followed by a harsh thump and a muffled, pained yelp.

“And for the love of autumn, shut up.”

“Hwoheh.”

Shizuha touches down, followed shortly by Kogasa.

“Damn it. We were so close and now everything’s going to shit.”

As they pass your pillar, you shift around behind it and peek out. Leaves float up from the floor, gathering around Shizuha’s naked body.

…Yes, naked.

“I had her. She was secure until you showed up.”

“Hiwh hweh hwih-” Kogasa jerks as you hear another, quieter thump.

As the leaves cover Shizuha’s humble breasts and smooth hips, you notice something oddly dress-like covering Kogasa. One strikingly similar to Shizuha’s, though with a much shorter skirt. It folds her arms against her back and appears to tug her forward. Glittering chains hang from Kogasa’s wrists and ankles. Like the others, another strip covers her eyes, and based on the straps around her cheeks, Shizuha fed her another gag, too.

“If I could just have gotten a little more faith from her, she’d never have fucked you perverts.”

She unlocks and opens the cell door.

“If I return and some other youkai’s kidnapped her again, I’m coming back to beat all your asses. Understood?”

A reluctant murmur of agreement rises from the room, accompanied by another thud against the bars.

“Good enough.” Gripping Kogasa’s shoulder, she shoves her into the cell, closing and locking the door.

The dress melts off of Kogasa, leaving her naked once more as it gathers around Shizuha, completing her own. She gives it a couple pats, straightening the skirt. “Now, time to pick up my girl.” She turns on her heel. This is…

You were right. This is a dungeon. One that must have taken at least weeks to build. And you spent most of the past week with her, so unless outside parties were involved, she had to have finished before you got together.

Got together, huh?

As she stalks back toward the ladder, you shift around the column again. She started before that night with Kagerou, before she talked with you, that one evening. Why? Why did she want a dungeon back then? What possible use would she have had?

It… was it really for you all this time? That, that… She had no enemies at the time. At least, none you know of. No one she’d mentioned. And the reason she’d worked so hard to keep you in the dark… there’s no other explanation, is there?

Shizuha approaches the ladder. There’s… no way you’ll beat her to the village. You need to do something. Now.

You glance around, first to the cage, then the crates. If Shizuha has a dungeon, she may have restraints lying around. If you got the drop on her and tied her down, you could get to the bottom of this. On the other hand… you glance to the cage. Your captives saved your ass before. If you broke one of them out, maybe they could do so again?

But then, without keys to any of their cuffs or bars, your only hope would be Mystia. Do you want to trust yourself to the bird who can’t keep her body off you for two minutes?

Or maybe, just maybe, you should take a more direct approach. Now that she can’t hide it anymore, maybe you could confront her and get her to explain herself?

Or you’re just in over your head already. Maybe you just need to get the hell out of here and try to forget you ever knew this goddess.