Just a little something I feel like writing off to the side. Three thread absolute maximum for this story. It'll be short.

You're holding a little piece of paper up, written in quite the fancy lettering. You look past it and see your old friend's red haired pet sitting on her knees, looking up at you with quite the reluctant glare. You know just as well as she does that she doesn't like this situation any more then you do. You look back at the little note your friend has sent you, and begin reading over it once more to confirm this retarded situation.

You stare at the note for a little longer before looking back at the mangey cat girl once more. You almost feel as if she'd be easier to look at in cat form. You then give out a sigh and step aside in your doorway.

"Right, come on in then..." Rin then gets up and walks past you, an air of disapproval about her.

"I hope you know I never intended this to happen. If I knew Satori-sama was going to send me away to someone like you I never would've let this happen." You close the door after her, your modest house in middle of the forest of magic is quite desolate, but it's not too far a walk from the human village at least.

"Yeah, yeah, whatever. Just remember that so long as you're here, I'm your master, got it?" Rin just sticks her tongue out at you. She never really liked you. You were always very good friends with Satori, and boy was she ever jealous of that.

"You'll never be as good a master as Satori-sama! I can't believe I even came here, she thinks I can't take care of myself..." You sigh to yourself. You're thankful that at the very least, you weren't stuck with the pet crow. That would've ended much more badly.

"Just please, try not to cause a rukus while you're here? As long as we aren't aggressive with each other, then we both can get through this without it being so horrible." Rin simply just points her face away in a huff.

"Whatever. I'll do as I please while I'm here." With that, a blaze of fire envelopes her as she jumps out in cat form, running away into a distant room in the house.

"Hey! No doing that inside! I just cleaned the floors!" You sigh again and looks down at the burn marks left behind by her transformation. This is going to take ages to get out...oh well.

You go into the kitchen. Your dealings with Yukari has netted you with a ton of great stuff. Particularly a refridgerator and a microwave...whatever those things are. The refridgerator keeps things cold and it's very handy, though you're completely unsure of how it works. You also wonder if the light inside stays on all the time. You haven't a bloody clue how to work the microwave however, and you're honestly afraid to because Yukari warned you that anything spent inside would get cooked...you haven't opened it since. The modern world and their newfangled stoves irk you really.

Apart from that however, on the other side of the kitchen are your other various cleaning utensils. You make the cleaning liquids yourself, being a semi-experienced chemist. Some of it you learned from Marisa, though you have to question her techniques at times. You go ahead and grab a bucket of your ever trust remove-anything-soap and a mop you've been borrowing from Marisa for ages now and work your way back to the nasty charred floor back where Rin once was.

You head back into the living room. Yukari has loaned you a very comfy and nice seating arrangement that people in the outside world apparently call a 'love seat' but you're really tempted to just say it's a couch more then anything. You sometimes sleep in it though because it's just so god damn comfortable. Opposite of the 'love seat' is something Yukari called a recliner. The lever on the side apparently causes the cushioend chair to transform, but you have yet to figure out how it works. You honestly think it's broken but Yukari insists it works. You think she's full of it however.

In middle of the hardwood floor sits a modest table Alice gave you. Such a kind girl, she has her ways about her but you can tell she's looking out for you and Marisa. This table was apparently an older table she used to use for sewing often on. It's hard to tell really but you appreciate the gesture nonetheless. You've been trying to follow her sewing lessons but you think it's not going all that well. It's just something she's good at and...you're not. The way she can move dolls around is also a complete mystery to you, but then, she's a magician...you're not.

After a long while, you finally manage to somehow de-char the floor. Your cleaning solution works everytime. You wonder if it's really healthy for the floor though because you could swear it's starting to thin...oh well. You pay no heed to it and put your utilities away. You got bigger fish to fry. After looking around the house you can't seem to find Rin anywhere in sight, unfortunately. The only other rooms in your house are your bedroom and bathroom, not much to it otherwise. You can't help but think that she's making this unnecessarily hard on you. But that's life you suppose.

You think to yourself for a moment, didn't you have some catnip laying around somewhere just in case something like this happened? Well, you aren't totally sure about that, you were never fond of the idea of watching Rin drunkenly and ever too affectionately cuddle a pillow of catnip back at Satori's palace. But you gotta do what you gotta do, and if it'll keep Rin from destroying the house and therefore, destroying your sanity, then by gods you're going to do SOMETHING about it. You go ahead and start with the kitchen, seeing if perhaps you left it there. Indeed you did. There's no way Rin would be able to smell it from in here, all the chemicals and food certainly cloud over it's pleasant aura.

You wrap some of the feline ecstasy in herb form in a little pillow and toss the resultant up and down as you make your way to your bedroom. You definitely know Rin had went in here to plot your demise, what better way to ambush you after all. There's lots of places to hide in here. Granted, the bathroom has plenty of places to hide too but none that are particularly too pleasant to hide in. Upon walking into your bedroom, you look around and sigh a bit. Nowhere to be found...at least, not in sight. This makes things a little troubling. Who knows what kinds of nasty surprises she has waiting for you.

"Come on out Rin...I got a treat for you! It's not bad, I promise..." Though, judging from how you said that last part, you're hoping she's not going to take that as a lie. Nonetheless, you look around your bedroom for the mangy cat. Under the bed (which you got from Yukari), around the shelves (which you bought at Kourindou), under the table (which Satori gave to you as a present), and your search is rather unfounded until you sit on the bed and hear a little squeak. She couldn't be...

You lift up the mattress, and find her recovering from being crushed between the mattress and box spring. Oops. You try and comprehend for a little while how she managed to get herself in between them like that, but those thoughts are quickly washed away when you hear Rin growling at you, fur raised. You think she's about to pounce you and tear your face in, and this causes you to accidentally drop the mattress back on top of her. Another oops.

You sigh lightly. This wasn't how it was supposed to go. Either way, you know she's not going to be happy when you lift that mattress back up. And it makes you rather afraid to do so honestly. You try and think of a way around it. 

You're not exactly willing to back down yet. Satori entrusted her to you, and as her new, temporary master, you're going to show it. You stand up and brazenly sit on the bed, blocking off any method of escape Rin would have from between your mattress and box spring, though you make sure she isn't crashed by your enormous derrier. You then twirl the pillow of catnip around your finger, whistling, and you can vaguely feel Rin attempting to leave, but ultimately failing. This causes you to smile a bit, knowing you've finally exerted a bit of control over her now.

"Now that I have your attention Rin, I want to remind you of something. Satori entrusted you into my care. This means that while you're here, I am the master in Satori's place." You can hear Rin growling quite nastily under your mattress. "Now now, I know you don't like that thought, but bear with me, neither do I. But it's the will of your great Satori-sama, right? If this if what she wants then we should work together to do it for her." The growling stops at this point. Sounds like you've gotten her to listen at least. "So, how about this. If you promise to behave, I'll let you go from under here and I'll even give you a little catnip treat for being so cooperative. How's that?" It's just silence for a while after. You eventually get up off the bed and lift up the mattress. "Rin?"

You see Rin staring at you with a cold hearted glare, still in her cat form. Her chilling gaze piercing you like a ton of icy daggers. After a while of it, she quickly scurries out from under your mattress and immediately makes tail out of your room. You then sigh as you put the mattress back down and sit on your bed, wondering what you might be doing wrong. You're starting to see how silly this rivalry is now that you have to take care of Rin in Satori's stead for a while. The girl can be so spoiled. You look at your tiny bag of catnip wondering what you're going to do with it now. You don't take too long though because you soon leave the room in search of Rin.

You walk out and find Rin trying to sleep on your couch, or as you were told it was, your 'love seat.' Her in her cat form all curled up in the corner. Her black and red fur looks intimidating, but like this, she's as cute as a button. Before you met Satori, you kind of enjoyed a cat's presence. In fact, you got along fairly well with most pets. You never kept one of your own, nor did you ever hang around them for prolonged periods of time, but you were decent with them nonetheless. So seeing Rin like this sort of makes you want to pet her, but you're really unsure of the consenquences of that. Most cats you've dealt with usually aren't youkai. You haven't even seen Yukari's shikigami's shikigami Chen in cat form. (That's a bit of a mouthful) So it's a little different trying to take care of a pet that's...like Rin. For now, you decide the next plan of action. 

You find yourself staring a bit longingly at Rin for the moment, seeing her curled up in the corner of the couch, snuggled into herself in a peaceful slumber, it reminds you of why you liked pets in the first place. You go down in front of the couch on the side Rin is on, kneel down to Rin's level and look at her, before gently presenting the catnip pillow between her arms, which she instinctively cuddles upon feeling it.

"...you know, I hate to admit it, kitty, but you're just too god damn adorable, aren't you? It ain't fair at all, not in the slightest. Cuteness lets you get away with so much. But...I guess you know that much by now, eh? Doesn't even matter what shape you take...greatest tool you got."

You smile and allow yourself to give her a little scritch between her ear, causing her ear to twitch a couple times. So cute. Afterwards you get up and decide to leave her be for now. She must be nocturnal down there underground, considering that with a complete lack of sunlight, time of day is probably somewhat lost down there.

A couple hours pass. You come back from a trip to Marisa's. She suggested the use of a toy bell, which you thought Rin was too sophisticated for. She may be a cat, but she's a youkai after all. Still though, you found yourself accepting Marisa's cute little bell anyways. Complete with a choker. Try as you might, you can't help but imagine Rin with this. It's so adorable, it's practically sickening. You definitely don't want to think too much about it because you had lunch while you were over there, and you don't feel like parting with it just yet.

You look around and find Rin still on the couch, but in a much different state. She's went into her human form, and she's sprawled out all over the couch in state of complete disarray, her clothes wrinkled and ruffled, her hair practically being undone, and all she has to show for it is her intense affection for the pillow of catnip you handed to her a while back. She has a look of complete ecstasy about her, even though she's still sleeping. She must be having one hell of a dream. It might've been a bit of a bad idea to hand her the pillow while she was sleeping but at least she seems happy enough. But you think you've done enough staring at her for now. 

You find yourself unable to keep yourself from doing something to her. You reach down, lightly brush away her bangs and kiss her on the forehead. She seems to react positively to this, cuddling the catnip further with a light smile on her face. Makes you glad you didn't fully give in and decide to feel her up or something, she probably would've noticed right away. But awkward thoughts about copping a feel on your friend's pet cat aside, you decide dinner could use setting up. It's been an off while since you left for Marisa's, though it's still kinda early. The early bird gets the worm however and there's no harm in having dinner set up ready for later, especially if you make something that doesn't necessarily need to stay warm to be enjoyed.

Only certain kinds of meat could really pull that off though, thankfully one of said meats happens to be tuna. You give a look in your Yakumo brought refridgerator and...oh dear, it seems you're lacking any type of seafood whatsoever. It figures though, the best fish come from well, well beyond the human village and you're rarely ever quite in the mood for fish to go such a great length for it. So as a result, you're hardly ever stocked on such things. Oh well, you have the next best thing; chicken. Luckily for you, you know the farm close by the human village really well, and you even occasionally help, which certainly keeps your figure in check. Due to this, you get many a thing from them free, one of said things happens to be an entire chicken skinned, beheaded and everything, ready to eat.

...you think it's best not to think about that too much, you get enough talk about death from Rin anytime you see her with Satori's pet bird.

You take the chicken out and try and think of a way to prepare this succulant food. You could be lazy and cook it as is in your oven, or you could separate the various parts and cook them like that. Though maybe it would be best to cook it, THEN prepare it for something...yeah, that sounds like a plan. You get yourself, and the chicken, washed up and prepared, then after a bit of setting the oven up, you chuck the meaty bird inside and close the door. Now to wait. You get a few things set up for dinner later, after dealing with the fowl you feel more hungry then you thought you did, even though you just got done eating lunch at Marisa's. It's probably due to the lack of breakfast you had today. So while you're at it, you make sure you have a few snakes ready for later on in the night.

You walk out of the kitchen and into the living room and...uh oh. Rin's missing. And the pillow of catnip is still here. You wonder if she noticed you kissing her. You take a quick look around to see if Rin's around, though she's nowhere in sight. You sigh and sit down in the couch she was sleeping in earlier. Wow...really warm. You guess it figures, since she lives down in a place that's practically a sauna twenty-four seven. It actually feels very comfortable, especially given that winter is on it's way to Gensokyo. The soothing warmth compared to the biting cold of outside really feels nice. So nice in fact, that you lay down in the couch and gather as much of the warmth you can. It's so...pleasant.

The next thing you know, the window on the other side of the room is much darker then it was previously. You then quickly rise, gasping out. Did you fall asleep?! The voice you hear behind you confirms it.

"You're lucky I found out you were cooking food. Otherwise that bird would've fried." You quickly turn your head around and see Rin standing there with her arms crossed, tapping her foot. Oh dear.

"Oh, fuck, sorry Rin...I didn't think I'd fall asleep." Rin just sighs and turns her back to you, walking back to the kitchen.

"Whatever, it's still warm so if you're hungry..." You then hop the back of the couch and walk right past her.

"You don't even have to ask."

When you arrive at the table in the kitchen, you find two plates with the approperiate silverware to both sides, with slices of chicken on the plate beside a leg on each plate, along with what seems to be some gravy you were saving for a special occasion. There's even mashed potatoes...you don't even remember having any with you in the house. You have to stop yourself and examine the table for a while trying to understand the situation. That's when you look at Rin and, for one of the first times you've seen her like this, she seems a tad shy and embarrassed looking.

"So...how is it...?" You can't help but blink in wonder. What a weird thing to wake up to.

"Rin...wha..." Rin just walks past you, looking as if expecting that kind of responce, yet hoping for a different one.

"I know, it's weird isn't it? It's just, Satori-sama always cooked for us back at home, and I watched her cook so much that I wanted to try it myself one day...she said I had a natural talent for it." As she finishes saying that, she sits down at the opposite end of the table. "Well? Aren't you hungry?" Well, you're more confused then hungry now but that's beside the point. You go ahead and sit down at the table and stare at your food for a while. You just can't eat without asking one more question that's bothering you.

"Where...did you get these potatoes? I didn't have any, did I?"

"I went down to the human village and got some myself. Don't worry, I made sure no one recognized me. Though I'm kinda surprised, you're pretty well known there, aren't you?"

Instead of answering the question, you feel like just saying how you feel right now. This is quite a shock.

"Y-Yeah..." You're still entranced by the food, after thinking about it, this is the first time anyone aside from Marisa that's actually cooked for you...and Marisa typically only cooks for you so she can get you to try out her new 'recipes' if you can call them that. Having someone cook like this for you, especially a girl, it's rather heartwarming.

"Satoshi...?" You stop staring at the food and look over across the table at Rin.

"This looks...very good, I never thought you were such a great cook." Rin's face turns on a look of surprise a bit of redness enters her cheeks.

"W-What? Where did that come from..." Instead of answering her, you just give her a friendly smile.

"Thanks, Rin." Well, no sense in letting your food, and words, go to waste. You immediately pick up some silverware and announce your feast. "Itadakimatsu!" You then promptly dig into your succulent food. Your oh so delicious chicken. You can feel the relief of your stomach happily accepting the gorge you're handing to it. You didn't realize how hungry you really were until you started digging in. Meanwhile, on the other side of the table you can catch glimpses of Rin staring at you in astonishment for awhile before sighing and smiling to herself. She then begins eating as well.

For the most part, it was a rather satisfying dinner, even if the two of you didn't say much.

About an hour and a half later, you're in bed, reading a book. (doubtless one of Marisa and Alice's many books they've loaned you, the origin of which is questionable) The light is a bit dim and it's dark and raining out. The pitter patter of raindrops falling on the roof and coating the window nearby accompanying you with the atmosphere of the room, making it very serene. It's moments like these you almost live for, being able to relax is one of life's greater joys.

You haven't seen Rin since she excused herself from the dinner table after finishing eating. Just as well, the more you two are left to your own things, the less of a chance fights will break out. Although you worry about her in the back of your head. It's incredibly cold in the house tonight. You're bundled under blankets and yet you still feel cold yourself a little still. Just as you're about to put that thought away and continue on your book however, you're somewhat startled by a meowing next to your bed. You look over and see Rin sitting beside your bed in cat form, looking up at you expectantly.

You can think back to how cute Rin was earlier sometime when you gave her the catnip pillow. She was so adorable sleeping there in cat form, you wanted to cuddle her. So much that you think you'll answer that urge now. You set your book down on the table neary and reach out. Rin backs away a bit surprised when you approach her but you pick her up right off the floor and lay in bed rather comfy. As you hold her like a silly little teddy bear, she's very notciably resisting, trying to break free of your grasp. You hold your resolve though and eventually she settles down and just lays on your chest, rather reluctantly. This is probably against some sort of animal law but you're too tired to care. That and having something to hold onto during the night always made you feel more relaxed. It's why you typically keep a few stuffed plushes around. But only Alice really knows of that secret. Hush hush, you know.

You sleep like a log that night. Understandable, you had a source of warmth and comfort throughout the night. More then you honestly realize until you wake up. You're rather surprised when you see Rin has came out of her cat form and back into her human form in middle of the night. It's realy embarrassing, but at the same time, very heartwarming. Her head is laying on your chest gentle as she sleeps like a little angel, one from hell, admittedly, but an angel nonetheless. Her hands are close by her face, grasping your shirt a little as if seeking warmth. The rest of her body stretches downward with her legs straddling you, only a bit, and rather sleepily. It's both cute and sweet all at the same time.

At this point you feel a tad bit of fuzziness in your chest.

Ignoring that though, you look over at the window. It's still sunrise. Rather early in the morning. Maybe not though, since winter is fast approaching. The sun has been coming up really late recently. You shiver a bit upon remembering that and go to huddle in the covers when you realize that would bring you and Rin awkwardly closer. As if the position wasn't potentially suggestive enough as it is, you don't want to ruin what innocence it still has right now. But that leaves a question burning in your mind. What do you do now? You have a cat in your lap alright...one with a body of a female you thought you'd never find yourself getting the least bit interested in, at all.

You look down at her, grasping your chest lightly, sleeping soundly, cuddled up to you. It's a very special feeling to be sure. You can't help but smile and start petting her. As you run your hand gently from the top of her head down behind it, stroking her soft, shining hair in the morning sun, you can see her smile a bit as she further digs her face a bit into your chest more. It's a serene sign of happiness that makes you feel at ease. It feels like she might be warming up to you. Might. As you rest your eyes to the soothing sound of her purring softly on top of you as you continue petting her, you feel a sense of serenity taking hold of you.

You later realize that it did more then just take a hold of you. More like kidnap you. You later wake up to find Rin missing, and the covers somewhat neatly laying on top of you, almost as if she had never been there. You're about to question yourself on whether or not Rin laying like that with you was all just a dream or a figment of your imagination when it hits you how late in the morning it is right now.

"..oh no! I gotta get breakfast started!"

You breathe a few curses to yourself under your breath as you get out of bed and hastily get yourself looking somewhat decent at the least. You remember from yesterday on your way back from Marisa's that Alice invited you for help on some of her latest dolls before lunch today, and that you'd definitely come by to help after breakfast. Would be incredibly bad if you showed up late. As you rush out your own bedroom you slow down upon smelling the sweet aroma of sausage and eggs coming from the kitchen. Upon going inside, you find that once again Rin has cooked while you had slept, though this time reeks of a different color.

"There you are. You sure have a habit of sleeping a long time." Rin says as she finishes putting her serving on a plate and picking it up, taking a bite of a sausage as she walks past you. "There's a bit extra there for you. It's not much but if you want more it's all set up."

You kinda feel disappointed that this time didn't end like last night. That is, until you walk over and discover that there's most certainly enough cooked food leftover that'll satisfy your appetite for now. You smile a bit to yourself as you help yourself to some wonderfully cooked breakfast.

You then take your plate out and see Rin sitting crosslegged on the love se-oh whoops, that is, couch in the living room. You walk over in front of the couch since from the entrance to the kitchen, the piece of furniture faces away from you. Rin then looks up at you, still eating her meal.

"Yes?"

"Couldn't be bothered sitting at the table?" You're not gonna be the one that cleans up the mess she makes on the couch. If she so much as stains it you're willing to rub her face in it until it's spotless.

"Why does it matter? Besides, you took yours out here too." She says as stuffs her mouth more. She's got a point, you're no different, but at least you're more careful. You then sit down on the floor beside her to keep an eye on her, and start eating yourself. That's when she poses you a question.

"You were in quite a hurry to get out of bed it sounded like. Are you going somewhere?"

"Well," you begin saying, "I was going to head over to Alice's house to help her with some of her dolls." Though upon thinking about it, you're not really sure why she needs help with dolls, of all things. "Did you wanna come?" Rin looks up to think for a moment.

"Hmm, Alice...oh, she's the one that gave those dolls to Sis, huh?"

The 'sister' she refers to by this point you know is Marisa. During your time here in Gensokyo you've come to realize that Marisa is rather popular among the youkai for some reason, some of them even having a certain fondness for her. You find it quite weird. Same thing goes with that shrine maiden too, since you typically see Yukari hanging out with her, together with that oni girl with the endless bottle of sake that you will one day swipe from her. For ethical reasons, of course. You so desire to be like them one day...

"Yeah, she is. You're free to join me, but be careful...some of her dolls might carry explosives and gunpowder..." Rin sighs and sulks.

"You don't have to tell me twice, sheesh..." Sounds like she's had bad experiences with it. You feel sorry for her, being on the business end of one of those is not very pleasant.

After breakfast, the two of you get ready and start a casual stroll over to Alice's place, being careful not to run into any of the magic forest's more dangerous fauna; getting around here is still a little difficult for you, even now. So walks take a little longer then usual.

"Man, would've been awesome if I could've gotten Sis' corpse...she's so young looking, don't you agree?" Oh god, here she goes again...

"Ugh, I don't wanna hear about it. Death isn't something a human should toss around so freely." Rin looks at you, her arms still behind her head in that laid back fashion.

"What? Well you know it's not like I can carry the corpses of youkai, they don't 'die' like humans do. It isn't as satisfying!" Rin closes her eyes. "I would've carried your corpse down by now, but Satori-sama wouldn't be very happy with it."

"You're right, she wouldn't, so don't you dare go off trying to kill me. My life is more precious then that." At this moment, you feel a chill run up your spine, as you slowly notice Rin creeping up beside you, claws drawn and a rather sculptuous look on her face.

"Oh really? Wanna try proving that to me right now...?" You push Rin away, rather more scared then you thought you were. But you still try and show a little dominance.

"C-Cut that out! What would Satori-san think?! My corpse isn't for you to carry around as you please!" You have to stop yourself when you find Rin sulking on the ground depressively.

"Uuu...I'm sorry Satoshi-kun..."

...it's so totally an act. But you can't help yourself.

"...look, I'm sorry Rin. Let's just get over to Alice's a-" You're interrupted suddenly as you kneel down to Rin, because...you were right. It was indeed an act. You realize this when she shoves a fly trap in your face and it latches on for dear life. "MMMPH!"

"Haha! You'll never change, Satoshi! That's why Satori-sama has such a grasp on you! Softie!!"

You tear the carnivorous plant off your face with but a few scrapes here and there. You're lucky you know how to deal with plants like these, otherwise you'd have suffered much worse. It seems that in your brief few seconds of flailing about trying to unhinge the offensive flora off your face, Rin had made her escape.

Ooh, you hate that feline.

After catching up with Rin and giving her a scolding she will not (read: most likely) soon forget, the two of you reach Alice's house and you knock on the door, waiting for a responce. It's not long after that Alice opens the door and greets you, before looking at Rin a bit surprised.

"Huh? Is that..." Rin holds up a hand.

"Hi there, you were the one with Sis, weren't you?" Alice crosses her arms and looks at you.

"What is she doing with you?" You smile a bit nervously, scratching the back of your head. Looks like you forgot to mention it.

"Ahaha, Satori-san just wanted me to take care of her while she went out on business. Hope you don't mind that I brought her over." You then put your hands together and try appealing to Alice. "Gomen." Alice looks at you with that certain look, the look where she's only looking at you with one eye open, down at you with her head tilted up a bit and a slight pout to her face. She then sighs and walks back inside.

"Alright, alright. Come on in you two." You smile, you knew that would get her. You and Rin walk inside.

As usual, it's rather fancy. Frills adorn any sort of decorative cloth, placed on such things like small tables, couches, things like that. Sometimes you feel like Alice made almost everything in the house, although admittedly it'd be half true, the place is packed with a variety of dolls here and there, on the couches, windows, tables, hanging from the ceiling...it's impressive really. The place may be incredibly girly, but it's rather pretty. As you walk further in, you notice Rin has already regressed into her cat form and immediately hops onto one of the sofas, curling up to take a warm nap.

"I hope she took a bath before coming here..." Alice says as she shuts the door and walks over to her work area.

"Ah, don't worry about that. She cleans herself often." Your responce would be nothing more then an educated guess, since you haven't actually seen her do it...you guess it must be embarrassing.

After helping Alice with some dolls for a bit, it seems like the most she actually wants is just your company really, since it's apparent that most of the stuff she asks you to do you feel she could easily do herself. Some of it requires a bit of teamwork but you think it's still possible on her own. Throughout the time you're spending with her, she talks with you an awful lot for how she is normally, things about Marisa, her life, sometimes even the shrine maiden and Yukari come up. However, you're at a bit of a stand still when she asks you something a bit personal about you.

"So, how is Satori, anyways?"

"Oh, she's been fine as usual. I haven't talked to her in a while though, I should visit her with Rin when she comes back."

"What is your relationship with Satori anyways?" You stop suddenly, and look over at Alice, she looks nothing more then curious but you can sense an aura of seriousness in her. "Or Rin for that matter...I thought you two didn't like each other? What do you think of them?"

"...uhh..."

You look down at the table, gathering your thoughts for a moment.

"Well...Satori-san's just a good friend really. Been like that for as long as I can remember." Truth is, you're quite close to calling her your sister but you're not sure how she feels about that.

"Really? And Rin?" You look over at Alice and breathe out a bit.

"Well, yeah you're right that I was never really on good terms with her. But I was the only one Satori-san could trust with her...there's been good times and bad taking care of her so far, but I think she's starting to grow on me." You can't help but smile as you say this. Alice looks at you for a brief moment before smiling as well and closing her eyes.

"I see...that's good then. If you're getting along with her well enough then it's no problem."

"Huh? Were you worried or something?"

"To be honest, I kind of was. Rin holds many a grudge against humanity. She displayed it well when Marisa and Reimu came down to the Hell of Blazing Fires. She would look down upon them. But to think she's becoming friends with you, you're a lot like Marisa in a way."

"Ah...huh...right." You're not sure how to take that, especially considering how well you know Marisa. It feels like an insult in it's own twisted way.

"Oh, Satoya, could you run upstairs and get some special piece of cloth for me? It should be in a flower decorated box."

"Sure thing. I'll be right back then." You get up and head for the stairs, you don't notice behind you however, Alice crossing her legs in her seat and watching you head up.

"Hmm, let's see how determined you are..."

You assume she meant the attic, as many of the doors up here are tentatively locked. You bring the stairs down from the ceiling and head up inside into the dusty and dark attic. Fortunately there's just enough light in from the windows for you to tell what's what. After looking around, you find a small case, adorned with a flower pattern on the top of it. That must be it.

Try as you might however, it won't open. You quickly bring it over to the window for more light and find an interesting poem written on both sides...

Peculiar, to say the least. You continue looking around the box and find under it two wheels, with various symbols on them.

The wheel on the left contains symbols of a star, fire, a flower, a wave, a water drop, a tree and a stone.

The wheel on the right contains seven different colors of the rainbow.

When you turn the wheels so that two of the symbols meet, you hear a clicking noise. It must be similar to a safe combination. The poems you just read might in fact have something to do with it. You set it down and think for moment.

You turb the dials towards what you believe is the most logical answer. Fire is of course, red, and you carefully move down the proper order of the rainbow picking approperiate symbols to match the colors accordingly. Lo and behold, upon reaching the flower and matching it to violet, the top props open a bit and you're left to excavate the treasure inside. You've done it. Your perfect, toned mind has once again rewarded you, though you wonder what's so special about the cloth inside for it to be hidden within such an elaborate puzzle. It looks and feels like ordinary red cloth, though there's bundles of it. You just decide to take the whole, open box down to Alice.

You walk down and present the open box to Alice, who, for some reason, appears a bit surprised.

"Satoshi...you actually solved it. I'm kind of impressed." You put your hands on your hips with a prideful look.

"Hah, well, t'was nothing really. Any sort of expertise mind could've solved it." You then look down at Alice. "So, what's that cloth for anyways?" Alice back up at you with a bit of a sarcastic look.

"Expertise, huh? Well, this cloth is what I attach to my dolls to help strengthen the spiritual bond between them and myself. Wiht it, I'm able to control my dolls from greater distances, even without a string, and I'm able to see and hear most things my dolls can with it. I don't have too many of this however, so I make sure I only save it for the most special of my dolls."

"Ohh, I see now." You then sit back down and take a quick look behind you to notice that Rin is sitting across the arm of the couch she jumped on earlier, watching you apparently. Then Alice regrabs your attention.

"Satoshi, can you pass me the needle?"

"Oh, right."

Another hour or two passes, eventually lunch is served and after the three of you have had your fill, you felt it was high time you and Rin should return home, Alice is done with her dolls anyways and has to make a trip down to the human village. Rin goes ahead and walks out the door first, stretching and yawning.

"Ahh, well thanks for the nap! Can't wait to get out of this weird forest and go home to Satori-sama..." You sigh and you follow her out.

"You're hopeless, you know that?" Just as you walk out the door though, Alice stops you and you turn around to her.

"Hold it. I want to thank you for coming over and keeping me company for today." You can't help but smirk a bit.

"Heh, I kinda felt you didn't really need my help. Just someone to talk to." Alice sighs a bit and looks away.

"Well I can't get that Marisa to listen to me all the time, you know. You're probably the best listener I know, apart from Reimu." It really strikes you as odd that the shrine maiden would be the type to listen. But maybe you just don't hang around her enough. "Anyways, please accept this as a token of my gratitude." Alice then carefully hands you a medium sized red ribbon tied in a cute bow. You then look at Alice.

"Ah, if you expect me to wear this..." Alice snickers, almost breaking out in laughter and looks at you.

"No! If you give that to Rin and get her to wear it, she'll like you for it. It may not make much sense now, but you'll see when the time comes. Take care, Satoshi." You bid your farewell to Alice after this, a bit reluctantly though since the gift was...odd.

As you're walking, in no quick hurry to catch up to Rin, you can't help but stare at the bow for a while. You then dig into your pocket and take out the bell Marisa gave you yesterday. You then go ahead and clip it onto the bottom of the bow, along the knot. After shaking the bow a bit to hear the cheerful ringing of the toy, you can't help but feel extremely happy. It's the simple things in life that make you truly appreciate what it gives you. So as to not ruin the fragile beauty of the bow, you store it into your Assorted Storage of Hammerspace(tm) and continue on your way.

Soon enough you catch up to Rin and the two of you are walking calmly back to your house. Rin can't help but strike up a conversation about what happened.

"You know, Alice wasn't expecting you to solve that puzzle..." You put on a cool smile, responding in a bit of a sophisticated tone.

"Well, when you've studied and learned as much as I have, mere puzzles aren't enough to stop the roaring genius held within my mind." Rin then punches you in the arm (quite hard mind you) and you're left whining, holding it in pain. "Oww! That hurt!" Rin just rolls her eyes.

"Whatever, I'll commend you for not lacking half your brain but it's nothing to brag about." You can't help but pout in Rin's general direction for this.

"Oh come on, that puzzle was really elaborate!" Rin then looks over at you.

"What do you want a kiss or something?" You then stop in your tracks at that though, kind of stunned. Rin also ends up stopping once she realizes you've frozen up. After staring at you for a moment, she looks away, her face sort of turning a soft, pink hue. "No, you aren't getting one." She then continues walking back in a huff. You have to shake yourself out of that for a moment, surprised you even thought seriously of that for such a long while.

You must be going crazy.

After walking back into your home, Rin's first action is to immediately head towards the bathroom.

"I'm going to take a shower, so if you need the bathroom, too bad." Oh how caring.

After hearing the bathroom door shut, you sit on the lo-couch, that is, and think to yourself of what to do next. It's too early for dinner, quite honestly.

You silly person you. Your Cute Bow is perfectly safe inside your Asinine Safety Helmet! It's large, spacious, comfy, and nothing inside ever gets handled without care, so it's grea tfor use with fragile things such as your Cute Bow! You can't count the many ways your Acute Serene Hanky has been useful to you!

...then again, that's also where you put your Leaning Tower of Pizza, from a place Yukari called 'Eetalee' or something. Maybe your Awesome Sack of Hemorrhaging isn't as great as you thought it was. You take it out and head into your room, then proceed to ~ g e n t l y ~ place inside one of the drawers. Hopefully Rin doesn't get curious and sneak a peek into your dresser. (Why would she want to look at boxers anyways?)

While you're here though, you stretch and yawn, maybe a nap will do you good. It's still early, you should wake up sometime before dinner. You flop into your bed, snuggling the pillow warmly, until peaceful slumber takes you away from this weird reality.

During your sleep, you have strange visions of Rin in various situations, all of them seemingly normal but throughout them all, her hair is down, not in twin braids like it usually is. You have idea why, or how you feel about it, for that matter. But it is rather interesting.

Soon enough, you wake up, and you sit up in bed feeling rather well rested. You stretch a bit before getting out and being ready to face the day. After walking out of your room and into the living room, you find Rin just stopping on her way to the kitchen and looking at you.

"Oh, you're up. I was just about to cook dinner since I thought you were going to nap the whole day away again." You then look out the window, checking for the time.

"Huh? Come on, I didn't sleep that late, did I?"

"You almost did." When you look back at Rin, for some reason you envisioned her with her hair down, just like in the dream. You blink for a moment and shake your head to rid yourself of that weird hallucination, and it causes Rin to look at you puzzled. "What's wrong?"

"Ah, uh...nothing really. So what's for dinner?" You smile and put your hands together as you say this, but Rin just puts her hands on her hips.

"I haven't decided yet, but I was only going to make dinner for myself. But...if you help me, then I suppose I can make some for the both of us. What do you want?" 

"Well," you start off with, eying her a bit slyly, "since I'm a decent cook that can adapt to the circumstances, I'll let you choose and I'll help you out with what I have." Rin then looks at you rather unimpressed by your stature.

"Huh, you sound rather confident in yourself. I'd spite you by choosing something complex and making you do all the work, but I'm hungry so I'll let it slide for now." She turns her back to you and starts walking towards the kitchen. "Just some simple katsu-retto with some leftover meat we have will be easy enough, with a miso soup side of course." You just smile a bit as you follow her into the kitchen. Upon heading in, you walk in on Rin tying a cloth to her head, so that her hair doesn't get in the way to food preparing. You can't help but snicker a bit.

"You look oh so fashionable like that, Rin." Rin just shoots you a bit of an evil glare before getting out a sturdy pan to fry the foods in.

"Shut up and get the meat prepared, okay?" You then salute the cat woman.

"Yes ma'am!" Throughout the rest of the session you find yourself being somewhat ordered around as Rin handles the difficult part of cooking. Though for some reason, you don't really mind. Working together with Rin on something you rarely ever do with anyone else, it made it feel kind of...special. While it might not mean much to Rin, this kind of socialism you find lacking your life here in Gensokyo, as the most you do is just talk with others, apart from maybe Marisa, Alice and Satori.

Soon after the cooking frenzy, you and Rin are peacefully sitting at the table, eating the not-quite-wholly-fresh katsu dinner. The meat is kinda old, but still tastes decent. You know Rin is enjoying it, the entire time you've known Satori, Rin was always one to be a complete carnivore. You've never seen her eat something without meat.

"So Rin," you just have to ask, "don't you eat veggies or fruits? They're good for you." Rin just sticks her tongue out.

"Blech. I hate vegetables. Satori-sama always told me the same thing but they make me feel like I'm eating nothing but grass." You just roll your eyes at this.

"Eh, whatever. I'd still say it'd help you out but of course, you're a youkai, I guess you get all the nutrients you need...or something." Yeah, you're no expert on youkai, that's for sure.

"Well I get plenty of milk at least, Satori-sama feeds me some every day so I can continue growing nice and big!" You look at Rin for a few moments before looking down and entering your own train of thought. This results in an interesting mental image of Rin's breasts appearing too large for her dress. You can see her cleavage protruding out, and her dress nearly falling apart at the sheer weight of the mammaries. During this mental image you can clearly imagine her looking over at you and pouting, telling you in the silliest whiny voice you can think of, 'this is all your fault!'

Most guys might be turned on by that, but you on the other hand, are left having intense difficulty holding back your laughter. To the point to where Rin has to really question what you're thinking of.

"S-Satoshi...what are you thinking?" You hold out a hand in a gesture of 'wait a moment' while you wipe a tear from your eye.

"Ahaha, i-it's nothing. Seriously, don't think much of it. Oh man..." Rin is, of course, not satisfied with this. She gives you a tense glare from across the table.

"Well I am going to think something of it. Now tell me, Satoshi." You look over at Rin.

"Or what?" You're still trying to keep yourself from laughing at this point. But you stop when you realize Rin, for some reason or another, gives up, just sighing and going back to her food.

"Nothing I suppose...forget I said anything." You feel a bit of a drop in your heart, Rin sounds rather upset this time. You hope you didn't hurt her feelings. Although, telling her the truth will more or less just make things worse.

"Uhh...R-Rin, don't take what I said so personally, eh?" You try reaching her a bit indirectly first, with a bit of a forced smile on your face. She just looks back at you a bit upset though, your approach is clearly not working. After realizing this you sigh and look to the side a bit. It hurts your pride a bit but there's no sense beating around the bush now. "Okay, look, I'm sorry alright? I wasn't thinking of you in any weird way..." Even though it's far from the truth. You're about to continue when you hear Rin snickering suddenly, and you look back at her to see her holding back laughter. It's at this point you suddenly regret taking this seriously.

"Wow, you really fell for it! I must be getting better at acting like that. I could never do that to Satori-sama." You grumble a bit, getting back to your food.

"Yeah, that's because she'd be able to read your mind, like I wish I could..."

"Hehe, trust me, you don't wanna know what goes on in this little kitty's mind~" She's being so full of herself, it's kind of frustrating. You're thinking twice about showing Rin your surprise due to this little mishap. Still though, the rest of the dinner ends rather quietly, so when you're done with the food, you figured you might as well.

"So, are you done over there Rin, or are you going to lick the plate some more?" Rin shoots you yet another glare from across the table and turns her head.

"If you're going to say it like that maybe I shouldn't eat your cooking at all."

"Phht, my cooking? You were the one that did most of the actual cooking, I just helped prepare." Rin looks at you out of the corner of her eye before settling her gaze upon you fully.

"Well what if I am? Spit it out."

"Well...since you've been behaving so well this trip, I thought it'd be approperiate to give you a little present." Rin looks at you with a clear disgust upon realizing that, yes, she had in fact been behaving, but on the other hand, she seems interested to know what this present could be.

"...go on." You use this time to get out of your chair.

"Follow me then." You go ahead and walk over into your room, with Rin hot on your heels, really curious as to what you're about to give her. She sure is a greedy cat. When the two of you are in your room, you direct her to your dresser and she stands by as you open one of the drawers. "Let's see, where did I put it..."

"This had better not be one of your lame gadgets you get from that gap wo-"

"Aha!" You interrupt her mid-sentence as you pull out your prized Cute Bow, still in mint condition. Rin stares at it for a moment before you hand it over to her. "Here you go~"

Rin takes the bow and looks half astonished, half bemused at it. It takes her a few moments of staring at it to get her mind around and back to reality. "Uhh...th-thanks..." She then holds it up and looks around herself, at her tails, torso, and going on. "Where do I put it though...?"

Your mind hits a spark at this point. Your earlier dream suddenly proves itself to be useful as you tell Rin to hold still. However, as your approach her, this is exactly the last thing she does.

"W-W-Wait, what're you doing..."

"I said hold still, dammit."

"Kya! No! I'll tell Satori-sama on you!" As you try and restrain her, she shows an equal amount of resistance. It's funny though, you're only a human, you were expecting a lot more resistance, after all, she's probably capable of throwing you a good few yards without too much effort. Later on, when you would look back on this, you almost think that she wanted to be dominated.

"I said hold still! Come on! I'm not gonna hurt you!"

"They all say that! Get off me you creep!" By this time you've pinned Rin to the bed in a furious struggle, however you've restrained both her arms and are finally left with free passage to her hair. This is when you take out the braids that she's left it in.

By the time the struggle is over, you get off the bed and breathe out, looking at Rin who just sits up with her hair down. Her hair surprisingly falls very well and doesn't appear to stick in place like most hair does. It falls very naturally. Rin herself is staring up at you with a pouty, yet highly embarrassed face.

"W-W-Why did you do that..." You then take the Cute Bow and kneel down to Rin, and then gather up a bit of her hair over in front of her shoulders. With a little effort you manage to bring her hair from both sides of her head together around her neck, and tie the Cute Bow to it, resulting in her hair curling around under her chin with the Cute Bow resting cutely on her collarbone. Her hair is surprisingly long.

"Ah, there, that should do it." You breathe out again, a job well done. Rin looks rather adorable like this, you think so. Rin herself, doesn't seem so sure. At least you think. She's just sitting there, staring down at her present. She then paws at the bell on it a few times, making it ring with a serene, soothing chime. She then looks down enough to where her bangs block the majority of your view to her face.

"....th-th-thank you...."

"You're welcome Rin. If you keep behaving, you might get even better presents!" Rin then looks up at you with an incredibly embarrassed face, red all over.

"J-Just because you did this doesn't mean you're anything like Satori-sama, o-okay? It just means you're...really nice." She looks away again, she seems a bit guilty. To be honest, you do too. All the fights and such you two had, and yet here you are, getting along with her rather well. All that drama could've been avoided if you two had stopped to look at each other a bit more clearly. No sense in dwelling upon it now though, so you put on a smile and scratch her behind her ear. She whimpers in responce. "Mmnn! S-S-Stop that!"

"And why? Don't you find it nice?"

"Th-That's beside the point! I-If you keep going I-...I'll..." You stop scratching suddenly when you hear a loud purring sound come from her. She then grabs your arm rather tightly and looks up at you, further embarrassed but pretty submissive looking at the moment. "D-D-Don't stop..."

Now it's your that feels rather uncomfortable. Still though, you can't deny a cat of her pleasure, so you sit down next to her and continue scratching her. Her purring only gets louder as she digs her head into your chest in pleasure. My god, this would be thirty times more bearable if she were in her cat form right now, this just feels incredibly awkward...and frustrating. It's still cute however.

Later on in the night, you come out of the bathroom after getting ready for bed and hop in, looking outside. Yep, rather dark out. You haven't seen much of Rin since you finished scratching her ears and gave her that present. She seems embarrassed to even look at you now. Part of you wonders if it was really worth it. But now she appears missing again, and it's just you alone in the bedroom.

Rin being out all by herself doesn't seem all that healthy. After all that's happened, you feel somehow more obligated now to give her company, especially since she's unable to see her dear Satori-sama. So instead of actually getting into bed like you originally planned, you decide to leave your bed be for now and go bother Rin instead.

You walk through the hallowed halls of your house, without any light, it's rather eerie. The place is small and you know it very well however, so it's no problem navigating it. The first place you check is of course, the living room. The lo-couch is still as comfy as ever, however, it is cold, meaning Rin has not been here recently. You discard the living room as a potential place for Rin to be immediately and make your way over to the dining table and kitchen. You look under the table and all around the kitchen, and it's only after that you end up realizing that finding a black cat amidst the thick darkness is an extremely difficult task indeed, one that the unassisted human eye can not do.

At this point you start whistling and calling out for Rin, telling her to come out. You're hoping that as you walk around, you don't end up tripping over her, it'd be very easy to in all this darkness, especially with how black her fur is. After a short while of calling to her, you even decide to open the door and do something one should NEVER do in middle of the pitch black night in the forest of magic. You call out loudly for Rin right outside, despite the potential dangers of youkai picking up on you and attacking. However, since you've lived for so long here, you know it very well, so you're quite prepared for any such thing to happen.

Atfer an uneventful look outside, which might in turn be a good thing, you head back inside and sigh deeply. No where to be found, is Rin to be. You shiver softly though, it's time to head back to bed. It's quite cold outside. You have to warm yourself up a bit as you walk back to your bedroom. You can't wait to snuggle back up in those warm, comfy blankets...until you actually arrive and look at your bed that is.

There's Rin. Nightgown and all, sleeping soundly under the very covers you wish to be wrapped in.

You want to hit something.

"R-R-Rin...w-w-what are you doing..."

"Sleeping." She says it so plain and simple, it just serves to irk you further. You look around, try as you might though, there's no space left on the bed without having to practically toss Rin out. How does she take up so much space?

"G-Get out. Right now. That's an order."

"No." Again, she says it so plain and simply, that you can really feel some sort of rage taking over.

"I said get out. This is my bed, and I'm taking i-" You stop and freeze in your tracks the moment you notice Rin's rather sharp claws pressed up against your cheek. If you were sure you were in excruciating pain right now, you'd be pretty convinced she just ripped your face in two.

"I said I'm sleeping. Use the couch." You slowly back away from Rin, who's giving you quite possibly the angriest glare you've seen her give you in a while. She then turns back around in bed. "Good night, Satoshi."

"W-...Why I outta..." You sigh, you can't finish that without endangering your life like you just did. However, upon looking over, you notice that she's very neatly put her Cute Bow that you gave her on the desk, resting atop the rest of her clothes. You suppose you'll let this slide. For now anyways.

You walk back outside and into the living room. The love se-couch is rather small, but it's as comfy as you remember it to be. Too bad it's bloody cold out here. The lack of blankets really makes this painful. But you don't have much of a choice. You're in no shape to challenge Rin. Oh well, you take a big yawn and attempt falling fast asleep.

You wake up the next morning feeling very refreshed...and warm for some reason. When you get around to actually seeing your surroundings, you notice that a blanket was drawn over you during the night. You blink a bit before sighing softly and smiling a bit to yourself. Only one other person could've done this. It's nice to know she was nice enough to do this at least.

Of course, just because she did this, doesn't mean that she's awake by now. It feels like you've had this blanket all night, and upon looking in the direction of the kitchen, you find she's not in there. For now though, you should decide on something to do.

As nice as Rin was to at least give you a blanet throughout the night, you need to talk with her so that she knows who the master of this house really is. At least until she threatens your life. Damn youkai. You don't think she'd really do it anyways, it's not like Satori would let her live it down. Then again, Satori herself is a youkai too...but a compassionate one, so you have some faith in her...you think.

Enough of the mindless drivel, you march towards your room, ready to verbally slap some sense into Rin. You invite yourself inside and find Rin is still indeed sleeping. You then walk over to the bed and you're about to rip the covers right off her. Rip the covers...right...off her...

Ohh, screw it. You can't do it. You breathe a frustrated sigh before trying again, but it's hopeless. You can't find it in your will to actually wake her. Sure, she wasn't exactly nice about the whole thing, but she seems rather comfortable here in your bed. You can't blame her, you love sleeping in that bed yourself. You'll talk to her later about it, when she's not enjoying a peaceful rest. You also need to get her to talk to you more or less about these kinds of things. The more communication between the two of you, the more you can avoid awkward and painful situations that kept you two from getting along up until now.

You kneel down next to the bed and look at Rin. Her face looks so serene, so soothed, she practically looks like an angel sleeping. Her unfettered hair sprawls out across the pillow and her face. You softly move some of it off and realize how soft and warm her face is. You get an odd sensation when you softly her cheek, it makes you realize that physical contact between any other living organism and you was seriously lacking. Not even Marisa would get this close to you. As you stroke Rin's hair, you end up getting a feel of how soft it too is. She takes very good care of it, but that's to be expected, she is a cat. As you do this though, you also set off her 'pet sensors' and she responds with soft purring and a cute smile on her face. Each time you stroke her gentle hair, she slightly grips the pillow under her with her hand. It's...so...cuuuute...

Argh! You can't take this anymore. You're about to drag her out of bed and hug her. It's a crime that she gets to share cuteness with one of the more adorable members of the animal kingdom. You go ahead and just shirk off into the bathroom. Before you couldn't stand Rin because she was obnoxious, annoying and spiteful. Now you can't stand her because she's cute, cuddly and...rather pretty.

It's rather cold out, and in fact, it's even raining. After dousing yourself and getting yourself nice and clean, you sit in a hot bath. Still though, as you do so, you can't help but continue thinking of Rin. The way she looked sleeping so soundly in bed, it was a side of Rin you had never seen before. Behind the jumpy, finicky, and even somewhat tomboyish Rin, was a pretty, almost beautiful interior, adorned with cuteness and womanly trains all around. Behind that obnoxious git was someone that looked like an angel. Despite coming from hell. The way she looks with her hair down certainly strikes you as interesting, you've never really seen her like it so up close until now. But you'll have to admit, even the times you've seen her before all this, you were rather interested. You can see why now.

Gah, enough of this thinking. It's not doing you any good. You go ahead and get out of the bath, and start drying yourself off. After getting properly dressed you go ahead and walk out of the bathroom, and find Rin in her cat form cleaning herself, when she notices you however, she instantly darts off into the living room. Strange that. You then walk into the bedroom and find your bed neatly made. Oh man...you underestimated her, you suppose Satori did teach Rin some good manners at least...

It's a bit later in the day that only something else eventful happens. You're sitting in the love se-couch rather lazily, reading your book. Rin is enjoying a nap on the table across from you. However, amidst the pouring rain, you hear a knocking on your door. Rin's head instantly rises up, but she doesn't go anywhere yet. It's your job to answer the door. You go ahead and hop out of your position and walk towards the door and promptly answer it. You're then met with the local shrine maiden holding up an umbrella, and Satori's other pet.

"Ah, Reimu? And...Utsuho?"

When you would look back on this very day, you would soon learn to deeply dread the looks on their faces, bearing the news of bad truths. Every time you would think about this day, the looks on their faces would just be as deeply ingrained into your mind as what happened that fateful afternoon.

"Okuu? What's wrong?" Rin transforms back into her human form right next to you, you have to stand back a bit and tell her to watch it, due to the flames nearly engulfing you too. However, before you two can get into any sort of arguement, the shrine maiden interrupts.

"Satoshi...I came to you because I was aware you were taking care of Satori-san's other pet. As you can see, she entrusted me with the other."

"I can see that, but...what brings you by? Friendly get together?"

You wished you weren't so inherently clueless that moment.

"No, Satoshi...I received some news from Satori-san earlier today. I felt you and Rin should know." Rin perks up upon hearing news and Satori-san in the same sentence.

"Really?! Tell me, I need to know what Satori-sama is doing!" You can't help but notice Utsuho behind Reimu, looking down full of regret and sadness. When you do, you realize you want to stop Reimu, but, there's nothing you can do. You're about to feel everything crumble beneath your feet.

"Satori-san...she went out into Makai to investigate something that was effecting the cave she had lived in. However, even though she can read minds, she is still very weak both physically and magically...she had gotten caught by some of the stronger youkai preying on her inside."

"We haven't heard from her since..." Utsuho finishes for Reimu. It's at this moment you can feel your heart drop. It sounds like Satori might indeed be finished. It's a great shock to you, but you soon realize to Rin, this would be much worse.

"Wha...what...?" You look over to Rin, her face is absolutely aghast with fear, fear of losing her dear Satori-sama. You want to comfort her, but before you can even approach her, her sanity suddenly runs dry. "WHAT?!"

At this point she runs right past you and grabs Reimu, who looks set to restrain her, but Utsuho keeps Reimu from doing such a thing.

"You liar!! Satori-sama would never let that happen!!"

"Shut up and calm down, before I exorcise you!"

"R-Reimu! Stop it! Remember how I was when I heard it too!!"

"NO!! Why would you let such a thing happen to Satori-sama!! You've been down there, why don't you help her!!!"

"There's only so much I can do, realize that!"

"O-Orin! Please stop this! We have to wait for Satori-sama!!"

Admist all the screaming and crying, the struggle for dominance, you can only just stand there and watch in horror as the happiness you've been holding dear to you flies away, and there's nothing you can do about it.

After a long struggle, Rin finally gives up and pushes Reimu back into Utsuho, crying. Just as many tears fall down her face as there are cold raindrops. After a bit of panting, she screams. It's a scary, shrieking scream that you would remember for a very long time, a scream that would never leave your mind.

Shortly after you see her sprinting away from the house in an unknown direction.

"R-Rin!!" You try going out to stop her, but Reimu impedes your path, holding you back. "What're you doing?! Get out of the way!" Reimu then shakes her head, you look over at Utsuho who could also only watch Rin run in terror.

"She'll come back when she realizes there's nothing she can do...it's all up to Satori-sama..."

You feel both heart broken and hopeless. The most you can do is look out towards the murky rain, in hopes that Rin would indeed come back, as Utsuho said.

Hours pass. Night falls. As does the rain. Not once has the terrible weather let up. Utsuho and Reimu have long left the premises, but Rin has yet to come back. You sit on the love seat, not even caring to call it a couch anymore, alone and afraid. Not only for Rin, but for Satori too. It's a frightening thing when you are brought to physically realize how important something is when you lose it. All this time, you felt that you had taken both your friendship with Rin and Satori for granted, and that there was so much more you could do, especially for Rin. But it all feels too late now. You can't even get back to your book. All you can do is curl up on the love seat, thinking about how badly things ended.

Just before you end up falling asleep in your misery though, you think you hear a meowing. It's faint, but you can hear it. The moment you realize what it might be though, you instantly jump up out of the love seat and rush to the door. Upon opening it, you're greeted to the sight of...

...nothing. No one's there. It's empty. You were a fool to think it was Rin. At least, until you hear another, louder meow and you look down. Oh yeah, that's right, she probably would have to be in her cat form to meow like she does, doesn't she.

Rin is soaked, drenched, words can't begin to describe how wet she is. She then shakes the water off her fur and suddenly bolts under your legs, heading for the bedroom. You nearly fall over from the sudden sprint, but you catch yourself. You close the door and then prepare yourself, as you follow Rin inside.

So, here you are. Standing in the door to your bedroom. You had walked in just in time to see Rin angrily throw her soaked dress down at the floor. She stands there in nothing but a camisole and bloomers, shaking, both from the cold and from her distress. She's drenched to the bone, both in rain and in her own tears. She's trying so hard to keep herself from exploding in a fit of massive crying. Her teeth are clenched, showing signs that she is indeed moments from completely and totally falling apart. And here you stand, gawking at the whole situation.

You can't help but stare in sadness, watching Rin cry her heart out in front of you. You need to do something, not say something. As you approach her, only one word escapes your mouth.

"Rin..."

Rin looks over at you with a face torn apart by tears and sadness, as you put a hand on her shoulder in a comforting gesture. You leave your arms wide open and once Rin gathers herself a bit, she softly leans into you, pressing her face into your shoulder and tightly grasping your chest. You make sure to wrap your arms around Rin at this point, hugging her to make her feel comfortable. However, it gives you a new feeling, your arms going around her smaller frame. As cold and wet as Rin herself is, the feeling you're getting is very warm and very soothing. Completely different from anything you've really experienced before. It doesn't take long until you're wrapping your arms around Rin in more of a tight, loving and protective embrace. She doesn't seem to mind though, as she continues sobbing into your shoulder. You pretty much can't help yourself when you lean your head onto Rin's gently, closing your eyes. There's sadly, nothing else you can do. This is as far as you can help Rin, apart from praying for Satori's safety. And quite frankly, it really pains you. All you can do right now is endure the pain and try and distract yourself from it, because it wouldn't help Rin any to let it take control of you.

After what seems like hours of standing there, Rin eventually starts slowly calming down. At this point, you realize that she too has wrapped her arms around in a loving embrace. You feel rather embarrassed but instantly have to hide it when Rin parts from you a bit, sniffling and wiping her eyes.

"I-I'm sorry...I got your clothes all dirty..." You shake your head and push some of her matted hair on her face back.

"No, don't worry about that. My clothes are replacable. Your companions aren't. I can't do anything for Satori-san but...regardless of what happens, I'll always be here for you, so you won't ever be alone." Rin sniffles a bit again before looking up at you.

"Really..?" You then nod your head and smile at her. She then parts fully from you to cross her arms and look away. "Well, I guess that makes things a little better I suppose..." You can safely tell that Rin is recovering now, she's trying to act tough again.

"Hah, well that's good. Well then, did you want to take aa nice, warm bath? I'll run the hot water for you." Rin looks at you before shyly nodding a bit. You return to her a comforting smile. "Great, you've been out in the rain all day so it'll help make you feel a lot better, trust me. Just remember to take your clothes in with you." You then head out of the room and go into the bathroom.

About a half an hour later, you're putting down a plate with two cups and a kettle full of tea on the table in front of the lov-couch. You then sit down and breathe out, preparing to wait for Rin to finish her bath. You made sure that the water was a very comfortable warm temperature, and that the room was well lit. It's funny in a way, you haven't taken this much care of someone since Marisa got sick and Alice refused to help, due to a silly fight they had the day before. And you certainly didn't think it would be Rin of all people. A few days before, you two couldn't stand each other. It's amazing what living together does for people, sometimes. You then look over as you see the bathroom door open, but then soon look back away, realizing that Rin might be in a towel, and not want to be seen that way. You end up waiting a nice while before you hear a meow next to you, and after looking over, you see a clean Rin in feline form. She seems to be looking up at you curiously.

"Oh! Jeez, you almost scared me. You little bugger." You can't help but smile and pet her a bit as you say that. You then look over at the tea you had made. "Oh, that's right, I made some tea, though...I guess you're in no shape to drink it right now huh?" You look back at Rin who just seems to be looking up at you still before you look back at the tea and devise a CUNNING PLAN. You take the plate out from under one of the cup, which happens to be concave enough to hold a decent amount of tea. You pour some in and hold it in front of Rin. "Here you go. Sorry for not being thoughtful." Rin sniffs it a bit before attempting to drink of it, but this only results in her backing away and shaking her head, and then licking her paw. You feel a bit confused for a moment before you realize something. "Oh, shit...sorry, cat's tongue, huh?" You then blow on the tea a bit to cool it down and present it back to Rin, but she just looks away. You sigh and put the tea back. "Oh well, I tried."

After drinking some of the tea yourself, you look over and find Rin curled up in the corner of the couch, seemingly trying to sleep. This causes you to yawn and realize how tired you yourself are. "Ah, I should probably go to bed...hmm..." You then look over at Rin and unexpectedly pick her up from out of her slumbering position. "Come on, let's sleep together Rin." You lay out across the l-couch and place the surprised Rin across your chest. Rin nearly bolts from on top of you, but after some petting, she gives and lays down on top of you, purring loudly. It's a very calming way to go to sleep. It's very easy to fall into a deep sleep soon after.

The next morning, you start off yawning deeply. The window on the other side of the room brings in an air of fresh sunshine from the new sunrise. Rin had kept you warm throughout most of the night, thankfully. You're about to pet her when you realize something. She's regressed back into her human form during the night while you both slept.

That, and she appears to be completely and totally naked.

You probably would've been fine with this situation if you hadn't noticed that one particular fact, but now your body has begun to react and there's very little you can do about it now. Your mind drifts off into various trains of though, many of which would not be safe for any children to know about. You're trying hard to contain them, but Rin's soft, warm, and most notably naked body sleeping on top of you is extremely hard to ignore. You then realize something, when she had gotten out of the bath, her clothes were probably still drenched, and without any other changes of clothes...

You quickly catch your hands trying to wander on various accounts, your hormones are driving you absolutely insane.

You have to endure through this personal hell you've somehow set yourself up to. There's no other way around it. Waking her would be dangerous and trying to slip out unnoticed would be even more. And to hell if she wakes up during a 'weak moment' and you happen to be touching her inappropriately. The only option is to wait it out. You can't do anything else. As incredibly painful as it is, this is for Rin. You close your eyes again and attempt getting your mind off this awful situation. Let's see, cooking...frying pan...warm...skin...no! Okay, trying that again. Food...chicken...breast...large, supple bre-...no, no, no! One more time. Cutting...fabric...yes, back when you were helping Alice. Cut, cut, clut, clut, clit, cli-...DAMMIT NO!

You're trying to get through this, and quite honestly, you're failing quite miserably. Your mind has been tainted with the thought of Rin's hot, luscious body draped over you. Her figure is three times better then you expected it to be. Marisa you can is as flat as a board and Alice, judging from the clothes she's shown you, is probably nothing much to talk of either. And Satori in fact, looks almost like a child at time, though a very mature one. None of them are anything like this.

...you'd go onto Yukari, but you fear that might make the situation worse then better.

Your labored panting and breathing stops short as you're paralyzed with fear the moment you hear Rin groaning a bit. You look down, she doesn't appear to be awake yet though, nor has she moved much. Her face is still and unmoving for the most part, aside from her soft breathing. Her hands gently resting on your chest in front of her, her face cuddled up into you like you're some massive pillow. One of her ears occasionally flicker back and forth in a cute fashion as she sleeps.

Man...even past her undeservingly sexy body, you're still weak to her adoring charm. It makes you feel quite a bit better, at least. If you just think of her like that instead of paying attention to her state of clotheslessness, it becomes a much more tolerable experience altogether. You close your eyes once again and find yourself capable of relaxing once you get it through to your mind that she's just a cat, a pet feline your friend let you take care of for a while. Reminding yourself of her grief and loss from last night also settles your hormones. Holding her in comfort, letting her sleep with you, you feel a bit more accomplished since then. Like you were actually able to really help. Now you feel like you can endure this pain much longer until she wakes up on her own and scurries away without you having ever noticed.

...but it never happens. It feels like hours pass. The sun rises and continues to soar high into the sky, but Rin never awakens. It's starting to become a wonder how much longer you can keep this up. Not just enduring her nudity, but enduring laying down for so long. You need to stretch, rather badly. But Rin's weight on you means if you tried, you'd probably just send her off the cou-love seat, and that'd end badly. Very badly.

...oh wait, it is a couch, isn't it.

Either way, you need to find someway out of this. At this point, your raging hormones are finding it easier to take control of you in this state of weakness you've found yourself in and you finally can't help it. Your hands seem to wander off on their own, despite your best efforts, and you can only but watch in both horror and delight as your hands softly glide down Rin's smooth, slender back, but before your hands reach anywhere past her lower back, you stop yourself when you hear the familiar sound of Rin's purring.

That's right, she's still a cat at heart, so of course, petting her would result in this. She even seems to be smiling a bit now. Your curiosity and fondness of petting begets your testosterone and you continue petting her, from the tip of her head down to her lower back, and she cuddles you rather tightly in happiness, as a response. It's very cute, but at the same time, very frustrating, because the tightening feel of her naked, warm body against yours is setting your desire aflame. It doesn't help that her legs are straddling you in a rather clingy fashion, resulting in you being able to feel more then just a simple warmth right near your nether region, which you're quite positive is pitching a tent right about now.

Wait, was she always straddling you like that?

You can't help but sigh lightly, smiling a bit to yourself, and you simply just whisper to her as you continue petting her.

"Heh...even when we do get along, you still have to torture me, don't you?" You then close your eyes and attempt a short form of meditating as you continue petting the dear cat girl you just whispered to. You need to try harder the calm your hormones down, as you don't want to spoil this warming moment with Rin. It practically feels like you're a couple, god forbid you think that way, but it feels really nice regardless. Supposedly, this is how couples spend their time however. You could get used to it.

However, petting Rin, as you quickly realize, is a rather bad idea in this position. It doesn't take long for you to see that after a while more of petting, her legs have wrapped tightly enough around you that there is no longer a possible escape. To top it off, the tent you definitely know you're pitching now is quite terrifyingly being poked by something very warm and soft, and you can only guess at what that may be.

Rin herself appears to be delightfully unaware of your state of misery. She continues happily purring her sleep away. However, your hands are now busy trying to rip out your hair in complete frustration. You want to hit something. In more ways then one. But you can do neither, and your body is ready to fall apart. It almost feels like you're trying to have a heart attack in this perilous situation. All you can do however, is softly whimper to yourself. You keep trying to think of what tragedy happened to Rin, you keep trying to think that she's a pet, you keep trying and trying.

BUT IT DOESN'T CHANGE THE FACT THAT YOU HAVE A NAKED CAT GIRL WRAPPED AROUND YOU TOYING WITH YOUR ERECT MEMBER. AND THIS HAS BEEN HAPPENING FOR A WHILE NOW.

It doesn't have that you can't move so much as a muscle, lest you wake the sleeping beast. At least if you could move, it'd be somewhat of a distraction. But you don't even get that luxury. Your body feels like it's cramping up in several areas, only adding onto the pain. You can't help but pant at this point, as it's the only thing you can do. Your body is seriously starting to heat up, and you can notice that you're starting to sweat a bit. This would be no problem if Rin was at least clothed, then you could tell her to get off and relieve yourself of this awful affair. But no, you can't do that. If she awoke like this, there would be hell to pay. But you can't help it, you feel like you're about to have a compulsion attack at this rate.

Then it happens. You feel a tickling in your nose. Deep in your sinuses, your body is preparing to eject whatever offensive material just entered it.

Oh hell no.

You try rather desperately to keep it in, holding in the incoming explosion. But it's no good. You start breathing in more and more air, not capable of letting it go back out until your body has expulsed whatever it is that's making you do this. It's too late. All you can do, is let your body sneeze, and pray that whatever happens next isn't further harmful to your body.

"Ah...AHH....AH-CHOO!" You let loose a big and loud one, sniffling right after. Oh god that feels good. However, as expected, Rin wakes up. But in a bit of an unexpected manner. You eyes flicker on a bit before she sits up (somehow missing sitting straight on your rather noticable protrusion in your pants) and starts stretching. You didn't want to look, you just happened to be at the time. But getting a glorious, up close look at her nude figure like that...your feel a little faint, and you let your eyes roll back and your body do it's thing, because you quickly think there's no better way out of this situation then letting your body shut down.

You don't know what happened after seeing Rin's stretching, naked body sitting on top of you, causing you to promptly faint, but the man inside you can finally die happy now.

The next thing you know, you're back in your own bed, in your own room. You sit up suddenly and looks out the window. Still bright outside. Seems like you weren't out for very long. You then take note of yourself. The covers were neatly placed on top of you, and your clothes haven't changed. Most importantly, you don't appear to have any bruises...yet. You suppose Rin is waiting for you to be awake for that. For now though, you're just happy you can move again. You stretch with an intense relief you haven't felt in a long while. After the most satisfying stretch ever, you decide it's time for your next plan of action. Hopefully it doesn't involve thinking further of Rin's clotheslessness, pervert.

Well, you intended on talking things out with Rin, it's best to do it now before you forget. Though...you should probably bathe first. Clean body, clean mind as they say. And after what happened, you think your mind could use such a clensing. Besides that, Rin's...intimate scent feels like it's all over you. At least that's what you think. With how tightly she was clinging to you in that state, you wouldn't be surprised, in any case. So, first thing's first. You rid your body and mind of it's filthiness and then get things straightened out with Rin. Perfect. You get out of bed and start your fool-proof plan.

Or well, it would be fool-proof, if you hadn't unfool-proofed it and just marched into the bathroom without knocking. This results in you walking in on a, yes, still naked Rin, who happens to be holding her dress, apparently just about to put it on, but was interrupted before she even got a chance to do so. You freeze the moment you discover that waltzing right in was a rather bad idea. Rin instantly looks over at you and the intense flush that immediately takes over her face becomes apparent. The two of you just simply stare at each other in complete shock for a few moments, which, undeservingly, gives you more then enough time to inadverdently study Rin's thinly, yet beautifully shaped figure, free of marks and jagged edges. The very instant Rin's face starts showing anger though, you high tail it the hell out of there.

"Gaah! I'm sorry Rin!!"

"PERVERT!"

You manage to escape the bathroom with quick haste, but not before Rin manages to nail you with a washing bin straight in the back of the head. It doesn't impede your progress into the living room however.

You stop and sit on the couch, rubbing the back of your head. "Oww...good shot indeed, Rin, shit." You say it to no one in particular. You just like cursing to yourself. It makes you feel better about whatever crap life throws at you. Like this for instance. Looks like you aren't taking that bath just yet.

After making sure your wound isn't going to hamper your ability to think, you just sit and wait on the couch for Rin to finish whatever she was doing, which was presumably getting dressed. However now, the thought of her bare body has dug itself further deeper into your mind. Not only was it curled around you in such a close manner, but you've seen it not once, but twice now. Fully exposed. The only thing left to see now is her spread pu-...no, you decide not to go there, for the sake of your humanity and sanity. She's a god damn pet, people do not fuck their pets. Unless they're lonely farmer. But hell, you may be lonely, but you're sure as hell no farmer.

Soon you hear footsteps and look over at the entrance to the living room from the hall. Rin is properly clothed now, but no less angrier then she was before. She's shooting you quite the deathly glare. You look absolutely mortified right now, you're absolutely sure. And of course, she just has to add insult to injury.

"So, I hope you got a good look. Because there aren't any naked ladies in hell for you to peep on."

"I'm sorry, okay?! I didn't mean to! I can't help it, I normally live alone, you know this!!" Your screaming is offset by the fact that you're quite short of grovelling. Normally you wouldn't be like this, but you're quite fearing for your life considering that Rin talks about death far too much for it to be healthy most of the time. However, she pulls a fast one on you and, instead of bearing her claws and approaching you with the aura of death like you terribly expected her to, she just gives a sigh and looks away, reluctantly giving you the benefit of the doubt.

"Fine. Fine. I believe you. Just this once." You blink softly, looking at her pretty surprised. You then return to your non-scared position on the couch.

"W-Wait, what? I was certain you were going to carry me away on your wheelbarrow this time..." Rin rolls her eyes.

"Don't remind me how much I would love to do that."

"So...why are you letting me go?" Rin looks at you with a mixture of embarrassment and dissatisfaction.

"Come on, Satoshi...do I have to mention it? After what you did for me last night, you'd haunt me after death for sure. Now stop arguing before I change my mind." You gulp a bit. You've seen this youkai's powers. But you need to remind yourself that she'd be going against Satori's wishes if she went ahead with it, and Rin could never do that...not while she was watching, anyways.

"Ah, right...well then, change of subject." You then get up and walk over to her. "Rin, we need to talk." Rin looks up at you a bit sceptical.

"Talk? About what...?"

Well, you want to get her feelings on the whole situation with Satori, but considering how incredibly broken hearted she was over the news last night, you'd think it'd be the best course of action to try and avoid bringing up the subject too brashly. A bit of a difficult encounter, to be sure, but you're willing to try nonetheless.

"Well...since you mentioned it, how are you holding up? Since you know, last night..." Rin just avoids your gaze and looks away from you halfheartedly.

"I'm fine...nothing major." You can't help but feel as if she's dodging the truth here.

"Rin...come on, if you need any help or cheering up, I'm here for you." Rin just looks back at you a bit angrily. Uh oh.

"I told you, I'm fine. I don't need pampering like I'm some sick puppy. I can take care of myself." She says this now, after last night where she was practically falling apart at the seams. But hey, things change. She might be better now already. Still though, you really want to be prepared for anything, and not be suffer like you did last night. It was quite the disaster that caused a lot of stirring up.

"Fine, fine...what...what are you going to do then?" Rin just looks up at your serious face with a bit of a puzzling look to her own.

"Eh? What do you mean?" You almost groan a bit. You don't want to outright blurt it out in such a blunt manner, but having to work your way around it while still getting the point across is really hard.

"I mean...from now on. What's going to happen?"

"...I'm going to wait for Satori-sama to come back of course. Why? Are you implying she isn't going to come back?"

"No! Not at all! I mean...just in case, yo-" You're sharply interrupted by Rin's growling at you.

"Liar!! You think she's dead, don't you?!" She's attacked you. You give this free reign to attack back now. No holding back.

"Now wait just a minute! You're shoving words into my mouth! I never once said that was dead!"

"You didn't have to say it! How could you have such little faith in her?! I thought she was your friend!!"

"She was my friend but fuck, things happen you know?! Give me a god damn break here!! I'm just looking out for you!"

"If you really were, you would've helped me search for Satori-sama last night!" The looks on both your faces are getting filled with more anger and rage by the second. Each toss back in the conversation just continues taking it in the wrong direction.

"What?! Unlike you, I knew there was nothing I could've done! That was just retarded!!" Rin certainly looks surprised after that one.

"Uh! What?! Gahh!! How could you say such a thing after what you did for me?!"

"I helped you but that doesn't change the fact that going out there by yourself was stupid!" Rin is quite filled with hatred by now, it's become quite clear on her face.

"I...I just wanted to see Satori-sama...I came here and I kept you company, cooked for you, and this is the thanks I get? How could Satori-sama ever trust me to someone as ignorant and self centered as you?! I never even wanted to come here, and if I had the choice, I wouldn't be here at all!!" You want to punch something right now, and you're really afraid it might be Rin. You're using all your strength to hold back on this.

"Then where would you be right now, huh? You came back here last night, didn't you?"

"That's because I thought you'd understand, but you don't!! You tried to cheer me up but I could've just as easily taken care of myself if you just had left me alone! You've never done anything for me!!! Nothing at a-" Her expression freezes when she notices the rather hurt look on your face. You're quick to point out the gap in her story, which she seems to have already realized.

"Where is it then? That bow I gave you..." Rin's eyes widen once she's made aware that yes, you are indeed going down that route.

"I...I..."

"I thought you actually liked it. You know how much time I spent on that?" Admittedly, it wasn't much, but you aren't about to let her know that, not when you have her by the neck like this. "So where is it? Did you throw it away?" The way Rin looks at you next practically screams 'oh shit' in her mind before she hastily looks away to try and hide it.

"I-I...ahh..." Now Rin herself is looking rather hurt. Looks like she just got caught red handed, or empty handed, in this case. Was it all an act then? Seems she purposely lost the bow either way.

Sure, you called her stupid, but this is quite the stab to your heart, she just made.

Your expression towards Rin has not changed. It's still just as painful and miserable as it was before. You feel so...stupid for ever having believed in her.

"I guess I'm not the only one who 'doesn't get it' apparently. You keep whining about Satori this and Satori that...I knew her too, you know. How do you think I felt when I heard it? And then you go back and do something like this to me..." Rin tries to retaliate but it more or less just feels like a scared animal trying to wriggle it's way out of the corner it's predator had just backed it into.

"N-No! It's not, n-not like that, I swear, I...I..."

You on the other hand, don't feel like giving her the time of day right now. She's rightfully earned this. All that love and attention you felt like giving her. She's completely thrown it away, along with that Cute Bow.

"No, I'm afraid it IS like that! You know we never had gotten along very well, I was just as unhappy as you were when you came to my door! You saw it with your own eyes." Your look of rage and anger starts mellowing out as you reminisce about what went on the past few days. "But...but you know what? To think I actually stopped and paid attention to you, looked at you, and saw you for who you really were, presented you to myself as more then just a friend's cat, more then just a pet...for the first time, I treated you like someone I actually knew. My surprise couldn't be any greater when I realized...I actually liked you, Rin." Rin's eyes once again look at you with that astonishment you saw earlier, but this time, they seem more confused, and even more shocked.

"W-Wait...what? What do you-" You huff, you're not done yet.

"That's right! You heard me! I liked you, Rin! And I actually wanted to make you happy!" At this point, it's sounding more like a broken confession, but after what you two have been through, it may as well be. "That was I really wanted to do for you while you were here, was to make sure you were happy, if not for our sake then for Satori's at the very least...but as I kept going, I thought...I thought...maybe if I continued...to make you happy...maybe that the girl that I felt was so obnoxious, disturbing and generally unpleasent to be with, could have a cute, charming and...human side to her." You're starting to feel a tearing at your heart at this point. You're slowly coming to realize more and more about not just Rin, but yourself too. Seems like you were holding back more then you thought. You can't even bear to look at Rin right now, but she tries grabbing your attention either way.

"S-Satoshi, heheh, th-this is some kind of cruel joke isn't it? P-Please, this isn't really funny you know, I know you like to haggle me b-" You look up at Rin and shout at her, instantly causing her emotion to go from nervously laughing to scared stiff. You can tell both of your hearts are on the seat's edge right now.

"SHUT UP!!! You and your fucking jokes!! I could never tell if you were joking or not! All the times you threatened me with death, hell and various things like that! You don't realize how scared I was! A youkai like you could easily rip my throat in half! But I guess you don't have to do that, now do you?" You have to ball up your fists and keep yourself from punching a nearby wall. You're practically shaking in anger, but your pain is reminding you of your real direction. "No, of course you don't, you already ripped my heart in half, there's no more need to do any more damage..." Rin looks back at you with a deep guilt on her face.

"B-But, I...the bow...I mean...it's just a stupid bow! B-Besides, the-"

Rin stops very suddenly, due to the fact that...you couldn't hold back anymore. The only reason why the wall directly to the right of you doesn't have a hole through it right this moment is because the house was built rather sturdily. Otherwise, your fist would've just went flying past it.

The only sound right now is just your panting. But in your head, so many things are whizzing by. Your head feels like a loose bag of marbles. The pain coming from your hand is apparent. And your heart...is in pieces.

"...I thought you...could be sweet Rin...I thought you could be nice...I even thought...that you were cute. Possibly...even pretty. When I gave you that bow, I was so happy. A life as simple as mine doesn't get the kind of luxury you get...always being pampered by your master, always playing with your friend...I only get to just have chats with Marisa and Alice...occasionally Satori and others once every few days...otherwise...I never get to feel what it's like being around other, actually interesting people like the way we did. The way we spent time together...made me wonder why we had our fights, why we did our feuds, it all felt so...stupid. Now I'm brutally reminded why...why I couldn't trust you, Rin..."

You're feeling more and more calmed down as you work your way through your speech, eventually able to just give it a sigh and pull your hair back, trying to ease the headache you earned yourself. Upon looking over at Rin, she appears rather hurt, confused and, most notably...accepting. The look on her face, first and foremost tells you that she's realized it's real, that you're not joking, and that it's all over.

"You know Rin...I kept thinking, kept hoping that you would feel the same way...see how stupid how fighting was, see how idiotic our ignorance had been, see that maybe we could actually get along...urgh." You can't take it anymore. You need to lay down. As you turn around though, you stop and give Rin the last bit on your mind. "God...I was such an idiot, I suppose you were right all along...only someone as retarded as me could chase false dreams like that..."

In the back of your mind, as you walk back, you can see Rin falling to her knees. You're not sure if this was actually the case or not. The rest of your head is too busy being a jumble of squiggles to tell.

A while passes. A long while. Your head still hurts, even after waking up from a long nap. But of course, it's not the only part of you in pain...

You get up and search the house, looking around. Empty. Silent. The air is stagnant. It looks like Rin flew the coop after all. Just like she always wanted. It's okay though, if she's happier this way, then it can only be a good thing. For the both of you. You sigh and make yourself dinner.

You hardly even finish your own food, afterwards. It tastes stale. Dry. Like no real thought was put into it. It's at this point you realize how deep of an impact this has had on you. You're left with very confused and mixed feelings with Rin now. You don't know what's going on. Being girls, yeah, you can't say you've had the occasional fantasy with Marisa, Alice and even Satori. Though you keep those thoughts away when you're around the latter, obviously. But you seriously can't say you've felt anything deep for them. It's so much different when you're actually living with a person, that you truly start to see them for who they are. It's both horrifying and blissful.

You're not sure what to do. All you feel like doing is sitting on your...love seat. Yeah...your love seat. You're suddenly starting to realize the meaning of it now, as you look to the other seat, and wish Rin was sitting beside you. Human or cat form, you had fun while she was here. Until she backstabbed you of course. There has to be some sort of explaination behind it all, but...you can't find any. The words can't find their purpose.

All that's left is you, and you alone.

You almost fail to recognize the knocking on your door, in your extreme state of depression. You're wondering who it could be. Probably Marisa to bug you for dinner, as per usual set up. She's always taking food from you.

You get up and drearily walk over to the door. Behold your surprise, as when you open the door, there stands Rin. Tightly clutching the Cute Bow you had given her long ago, deep where her heart is. She looks up at your surprised expression with a bit of pain and looks back down, bracing herself and then shoving the bow into your hands.

"Here. Take it. Just...take it. I'll see you later." Rin turns to walk away, but you aren't taking none of that shit. Not after the hell she put you through.

"Ohh no you don't. Get back here!" You briskly grab her arm and yet another struggle takes place. This time, Rin is clearly resisting.

"Hey! L-Let go! I don't want to be here!"

"No, you owe me an explaination. Right now!"

"Dammit, I said let go! I owe you nothing!"

"That's a pretty blatent lie you just spewed! Now get in here!" At this point Rin bears her claws and growls at you with intensity.

"I'm warning you! I'll cut you up!" Rin growls at you like this for a while, but her expression slowly turns to the of surprise when she sees that despite her fearsome approach, you have not budged. You did not faulter. You kept your tight grip on her, staring her right in the eye, making her quite aware that you were not afraid. Rin then looks away a bit, her previous guilt showing through again. "...f-fine."

The Cute Bow still looks like it's in decent shape. A little wrinkled, a little dirty, but nothing a gentle wash wouldn't fix. As you're studying the bow, you're having Rin, who's sitting on the love seat, explain things to you.

"When you gave me the bow, I was happy...I really was. I hadn't gotten a present like that from anyone but Satori-sama...not even Okuu gave me a present like that. You were the first other person to actually try and compliment my beauty...I was really embarrassed, but really...happy. but then I remembered...you're human. I remembered the reason why I kept fighting with you, the reason why I kept pushing you away, it wasn't because I thought you were obnoxious or anything, it's because...you were human."

"Wait, what does being human have to do with friendship? Marisa is friends with quite a lot of youkai. Hell, Alice herself is one."

"No, that's not the point. Not quite anyways...see, since you're human, you...won't live as long as we do. I'll be alive...tens...hundreds...maybe even thousands of years well after you die. I...you saw me, didn't you? I can't...stand losing people I care about. The thought of Satori-sama leaving me...I wanted to die, just to join her...when I felt that pain, I realized...I didn't want to get too close to you. I didn't want to...care too much about you. because I knew it would just hurt...hurt a lot, when your time came."

"But...it's unavoidable, right? You deal with death a lot, so I'd think you'd understand the most when..." Rin just shakes her head, sounds like you're missing the point, still.

"No...I know it's unavoidable, but the pain itself...I don't want to go through it. If I care about you too much...it's...just going to tear me apart when...I eventually do have to carry you down to the afterlife. I knew...that if I kept that bow...it'd just keep reminding me, even after your death...about how much I liked you being around." It feels like the whole thing was just a simple misunderstanding, but you know it to be true that it's so much more then that. There's a ton of other feelings involved that made what happened to be. "I...gave the bow to Okuu. I couldn't do it myself. I'd feel too guilty. I told her to destroy it. So I'd never have to be reminded of it again. I never wanted you to know, but...in the end, I guess I couldn't lie to you..." By this time, Rin is looking away, the guilt on her face has become more and more apparent but that's not what's bothering her the most, you feel. "After our fight earlier, I decided I'd just stay over at Reimu's, to make your life easier...but Okuu told me she couldn't destroy the bow, she couldn't find the heart to. It was something of mine and she didn't want to harm it. So...I felt it would be best if I took it back here and gave it back to you."

"...I see...I guess it all makes much more sense to me now. But...still...I..." You sigh, feeling frustrated with yourself. Why is it so hard to say? You had no problems earlier. "Why can't we be friends, Rin? The fighting is stupid, you agree, right?"

"No! I mean...if...I don't want to break down and cry when you die, I just told you that."

"But..."

"But? Don't you feel the same way, Satoshi? How would you feel if someone you really cared for died, and you had to live on for ages without them? Humans and youkai can't coexist like that. Never will."

"....." You're deep in thought about this. It doesn't just effect your relationship with Rin, but with almost everyone you know in Gensokyo...the only humans you know are Marisa and Reimu. This has really gotten you thinking.

"Well, Satoshi? How do you feel about that, then? Don't you feel the same way...?"

You don't know. You have to give it some thought.

You don't you think you could look at Rin right now. Not while saying what you have on your mind. It'd be too much. No, no...you have to. You need to. You must let her know that you're really serious about this. You put on serious, yet caring face and look at Rin straight in the eyes, who just looks back at you worried and guiltful. You know what you have to say now.

"Rin...when you say it like that, it becomes so painfully apparent to me how short a human's life really is. But...that's exactly why we mustn't waste it fearing about what will happen after that lifespan is over. It wasn't until recently that I found out how difficult being alone really was. It feels like a part of my soul is missing. Yeah, losing a loved one hurts, very badly...but, given enough time, the pain will fade and you can find joy once again in the memories you shared with someone in the time you had together." You take a deep breath, that was hard. You close your eyes to finish the rest of your speech to Rin, easing your heart. "If you keep worrying about the future, you will only waste the present. So please, Rin..." You then open your eyes back up and force a smile to her. "Besides...don't you think Satori-sama would feel the same way?"

It seems that last bit was what reached her. Rin's eyes widen a bit before she then looks down and thinks about it for a short while. She then closes her eyes.

"I...guess you're right. It...really hurts, but...if you say that I can find happiness in the memories I share with you, then I suppose I will try enduring it." This makes you smile, very warmly at her. You then stand up.

"Great. Thank you so much Rin. Here." You then present the Cute Bow once more to Rin. "Take this, and never let it go. Let it remind you of the fun times we had, even after I'm gone." Rin looks over at the bow then up at you sadly. But you have a way of reassuring her. "While you may not be able to have those fun times with me anymore, the fact that you still had them...means that time wasn't in vain." Rin then looks back at the bow and gets up off the love seat, taking the bow and staring at it for a while before slowly bringing it to her heart and clasping it with her emotions.

"Thank you...Satoshi. I...I feel a lot better about both you and Satori-sama now." You can't help but smile again after hearing this. This results in your need to pet Rin some while she's close to you. Rin seems to enjoy it before looking at you a bit cautiously and walking into you, ending with her softly leaning her frame into yours, her soft body pushing lightly. You're surprised at first, to say the least, but nonetheless accepting as you wrap your arms around her and embrace the little catgirl. This embrace is a bit more loving and happy then the last time, and it sets off a unique feeling inside you. The feeling you're getting from Rin rest her head on your shoulder, her body gently pressed up against yours as your arms wrap around her in a caring gesture. She isn't even purring, but you can sense a greater happiness from inside her.

Hmm, could it be...?

About an hour later, you finally get to take that well deserved bath, and come out of it feeling fresher. However, all the stress and emotion from today has worn you out, despite your nap. You even still have that headache a bit. However, it's quite late, bedtime could be in order, but there's nothing stopping you from doing otherwise. 

You give out a long, tired yawn. Today was an exhausting, stressful day. So many things happened all at once. It's hard to imagine you're still standing after all is said and done. After such a bustle, you'd normally collapse on the spot. Maybe all that time trying to catch up with Marisa has paid off, who knows. All you know is that you're dead tired and need some sleep. However, despite that, you can't be sure if you're exactly looking forward to the next day, considering all that of which has happened...you're harboring some very conflicting feelings for Rin now. You want to see her as nothing more then really a friend for the time being, and yet, the feelings you keep getting when you get close to her always tend to say otherwise...then again, you haven't been that close to girl since, well, fucking forward to be quite honest. Of course you're going to get those types of feelings. So it's not like Rin is seriously any special. Or is she? You can't tell, and even if she isn't, it doesn't change the fact that the feelings are getting stronger each time it happens.

Ugh, your headache is coming back. Better lay down now. Stop thinking about such complicated things. You remember why you liked living alone. Kept things simple. But you suppose that's just the natural law of the world. You gotta take the bad with the good. Yin yang, etc. Equivalent exchange, as one friend interested in alchemy would always tell you. Not that you talk to them anymore though. You haven't the faintest idea what they're doing now. Probably transmuting lead into gold.

You head into your bedroom and quite simply flop into bed. You rustle into the covers and get yourself comfortable. This is going to be a pleasant sleep, you feel. As you're whisked away into dream land, you're brought into remembering a few choice encounters with Rin you had in the past. Which is odd, as usually the mind doesn't play back memories in your dreams. But that's okay, as long as you're getting decent rest.

You remember one time where Satori first showed you her home. This was far back when you were still being introduced to how the rest of Gensokyo worked. Satori had a strange interest in you and was unusually friendly towards you for a youkai. When she introduced you to her two pets, you couldn't help but immediately see Rin as total bad news, and boy, were you ever correct about it at the time. She kept talking about death and the after life...at the time, you were quite scared out of your wits due to being new to the Gensokyo outside of the human village, and thusly, rather tasty fodder for any wandering youkai. So Rin talking about death certainly didn't make you feel any less uncomfortable. Then again, Utsuho wasn't all that good either...you were quite paranoid about getting cancer from her. She sure loved waving that nuclear power around.

Another chance meeting happens sometime around when you were visiting that shrine maiden, and Yukari happened to be there. Yukari mentioned something about the resident oni visiting a friend in the underground, which explains Satori's presence...you think. You really didn't understand why, but when asked, everyone avoided the question. Satori, of course, took her two pets, and this meant more talk of death. Reimu always said that it could be worse. Apparently the shinigami ferryman of the sanzu river is much worse. You can't imagine how, but then again, this is a ferryman that carries dead souls across a wide river...urgh, at that point, you didn't want to talk about it anymore. It was at this point you got more aggressive towards Rin, due to your lessening fear of youkai. Still though, when Rin threatened you, you couldn't help but hide behind Reimu or Satori, the latter of which would tell Rin off. The former would just threaten you also. Boy, what a tough crowd.

The last memory you end up having takes place around the time you were told to visit the Moriya shrine, where you met that other miko, along with Satori's sister, Koishi. Koishi was...very interesting, to say the least. Somewhere comparable to Dr. Ruth, if she were younger, and somewhat taller. The other shrine maiden, Sanae, was much kinder and nicer then Reimu, but had a certain...aura about her that made you want to avoid her. And stay far, far away from her. In the back of your mind, as cute and kind as she was, you had this nagging feeling she was much more enthusiastic about slaughtering youkai then Reimu, and boy, that was saying something.

Satori was of course there too, and she had only brought Rin with her this time. Kinda sad, at the time you felt Utsuho was the more tolerable one out of the two. Something about her power and how she got it kept her from coming with this time, however. It was here that you and Rin had the biggest fight, where for the first and only time, she actually tried to strike and seriously kill you. You probably shouldn't have compared her to a dirty construction worker. Sanae had to use her shielding powers to protect you, but Satori couldn't help but let you know that you totally earned it in every respect. Gosh. What a tough crowd.

There was something interesting about that visit though. You did have a talk with Koishi about Rin. You couldn't believe a word she said. Something about the anger and rage being pent up sexual frustration between the two of you. Especially since Rin enters her time of heat often. A fact you did NOT need to know about. However, in all your time of seeing her, you've never seen her even remotely act...anything like that. So either Koishi was lying, or Rin is just very good at covering it up. However, there is one thing you will grant Koishi. She was spot on when she said your own frustration came about the fact that you've hardly been around girls much of your life, and now you're hanging around a metric ton. After much thought and deliberation, there's no way that couldn't be true. You remember seeing Alice's undergarments at one point, and you nearly flipped off your rocker for the next couple days. You had to kick yourself in the head quite a few times for continuing to think about it.

Come to think of it, that incident with Alice is probably where you learned to control your manhood a bit more.

Koishi did go on about how Rin was very clearly interested in you. You flat out denied it but later on that day, you gave it some thought, and found it strange. Whenever you were around, Rin always chose you to talk to about death. She would constantly tease and poke at you about it. You always thought that it might've been that you were human, but then there's Reimu, Marisa and Sanae that she doesn't necessarily do it to. Then again, said three could probably kick Rin's ass too. Still though, she always took the chance to poke fun at you whenever you were around. You just thought that since you were Satori's friend, she might be jealous. But now, you're not so sure anymore. The time you two have spent together has revealed a lot of strange and unfamiliar things to the both of you. You almost want another talk with Koishi but she'd probably just suggest to fuck Rin...a suggestion half of you is sometimes ready to d-NO!

You wake up quickly and briskly after that silly thought. It's morning and sunny out. You shiver though, as it's hyperly cold. Upon looking out the window you can see frost on the majority of the foliage outside. You sigh though, you don't particularly want to go back to sleep now, as nice and comfy as it sounds. You're afraid you might have another wet dream. You've had one about Alice after the undergarment incident. You wouldn't be surprised if your subconscious did the same thing with Rin on a fleeting thought. You get up and out of bed, only to wrap the covers around you. God, it's beyond cold. Today is absolutely freezing. Oh the wonders of autumn. Not cold enough to snow, but still cold enough to frostbite your ass.

You leave the covers on the love seat in the living room, however, and endure the intense cold to fix yourself a nice breakfast. Some warm eggs, sausage and toast sounds nice. Luckily, you're aware of how to use the toaster that you got from Kourindou, since Yukari taught you and seems rather easy enough to handle. It was a simple inner workings even you can understand...kinda. You're still unsure about how the whole electricity thing, however. As you're cooking the sausage though, you hear a familiar meowing and look down to your side to see Rin's cat form rubbing up against your leg. Aww, how cute. Must be hungry though. You look around in the kitchen, there's plenty of options for her. But it seems like it's up to you to choose. 

You smile and look down at Rin, and tell her to wait a little bit as you finish cooking the food. After getting your tasty breakfast onto a plate, you signal Rin to follow you back into the living room, who seems a bit puzzled at first but does so nonetheless. You place your plate of hot belongings on the table in front of the love seat and sit back down in your bundle of blankets, wrapping them all back around you, shivering as you do so. Rin just hops up onto the seat beside you and sits down, looking up at you. You realize why she's in her cat form at the moment, all that fur must be helping keeping her warm. It's so damnably cold right now. But no matter, eating a nice warm breakfast will heat you back up.

You start with a bit of eggs and look back at at Rin as you're eating. You feel like you're teasing her, eating in front of her when she's probably starving, but her actions and expression don't change, she continues staring at you with much intention and anticipation. You suppose you shouldn't let her wait any longer, you cut a piece of some of the sausage you prepared and hold it up to Rin on a fork in front of her.

"Here you go Rin, eat up." Rin, of course, sniffs it a bit before grabbing the small bit of meat and chewing at it.

You'll have to admit, Rin has one thing over most ordinary cats. Being of human mind, she knows to be careful not to let the greasy chunk of sausage hit the love seat. You'd never forgive her if she stained it. You continue eating your breakfast quite heartily, occasionally letting Rin take a couple more bites before the whole thing is done and over with. Once the eggs and sausage were done, you pick the last piece of toast and stick it in your mouth, sitting back and wrapping yourself further in the mound of blankets you've amassed.

"Mmm...man I womner mif Maripha has some heaming smell I could nyuse." You look beside you to discover Rin shaking and looking down. It appears that even as a cat, she has to put forth effort to keep herself from breaking out into laughter. You quickly finish your toast and scowl at her. "What're you laughing at?" Rin then looks back up at you before yawning in your face.

Oh yeah, a cat's mouth is supposed to be very clean isn't it. Or is that a dog's? Either way, wasn't very pleasant to you.

"Guh, brush your teeth or something Rin. Jeez." You look back at Rin who just continues contently staring at you. You just sigh back in responce. You look over at the small fireplace you have in the corner of the room at this point, going on to more important things.

See, the deal is, your fireplace is nice, and works and all. But getting it to hold a decent fire that'll at least warm the living room can be a challenge, at least, without a good spell from Marisa or Alice. It doesn't like holding handmade fires very well, for some reason beyond you. You've been meaning to replace the fireplace with something larger, that could potentially heat almost the whole house. But your laziness had preceded you, and now you're suffering. You weren't able to do it last summer so for another year, another winter, you're stuck with this thing. You heard Reimu has a strong oni friend that can build things really nicely, but that shrine maiden is very hard to convince...at least, without money, something you're sorely lacking at the moment.

You can't help but continue to notice how utterly chilly it is. Even under the blankets, you can feel the cold air seeping in. Rin looks so content and fine with it. You're jealous, to be honest. Being done with breakfast, it's probably best to stop just thinking about it and start doing something about it. The longer you freeze the less you'll be able to get done.