You enter the flower shop and are greeted only by the bell above the door. Everything looks the same as it did a few days ago. Rows of unusual plants create a rainbow of colors which appeal to the eyes. As you wander, the owner emerges from the back and shows a horrifying grin the moment she sees you.

“Oh my, it’s Mima’s boy. I’m surprised you came back, but I’ll accept the gift gladly.” Yuuka walks straight to you and stops dangerously close, practically resting her well endowed chest against you. She stares very closely at your face, as if inspecting or sizing you up. “You really are so like her. How nostalgic~.” She lets what you hope is a happy sigh as it seems she has made a decision. “I have some questions for you boy. Come with me” the woman more than suggests as she runs her hand up your chest and grabs your arm, guiding you to the back of the store.

The hidden rear section of the building turns out to be a small greenhouse. Walls of vines on trellises surround the room like mountains around a valley of flora. There are literally flowers everywhere forming a chaotic sea of vibrant colors and shapes. The smell of pollen assaults your senses and the air is a bit warmer and more humid than the front of the store. You’ve never been to a jungle before, but it feels like this is a reasonable comparison. Still following Yuuka, you comment on the sight.

“Wow, this place is really impressive” you say with sincere approval. “Oh? Why thank you. I started it a few years ago growing different species of hibiscus but moved to growing...” Yuuka drones on about the history of her little shop. The room really does look savage. Finally the tour comes to an end and you find yourself standing in front of what appears similar to a row of Asian Lilies but with violet teardrop like sacs hanging from them. “I’m especially proud of these” Yuuka states as she picks off one of the pods. “Here, smell it” are the last recognizable words you hear as she pops it open, sending thousands of spores into your face and lungs.

Everything becomes hazy. There are voices, but they don’t say anything you can understand. Your body moves, but it’s not by your command. Everything is just a swirl of sight and sound and smell and touch. And more touch. Very pleasant touch. It brings your senses back but the fog in your mind lingers.

Suddenly you realize it’s hot; too hot. It’s like you’re on fire. The sensation is maddening. It’s like being outside on the worst summer night with a deathbed fever. Too hot. Too hot! You feel like you will die any second, but then a coolness blows across your neck. Oh god it feels good. It’s the greatest feeling in the world. Then a wet hot sensation covers it, but the feeling is not unpleasant. And then the cool breeze comes again. What the hell is going on?

“Oh ho? Come back already have you? Hmmp, that was much quicker than I expected,” someone pouts, “but then again you are her child. What inner strength you must have. A normal person would stay susceptible to suggestion for at least an hour.” You still feel a bit loopy, but you are pretty sure that voice belongs to Yuuka. She breathes in deeply at your neck. “You smell just like her. I hated that woman’s smell; it would always linger after she left a room. But to have this scent on a man…” she trails off and inhales again “…it’s intoxicating. Absolutely splendid. Even your taste is wonderful.” She licks the side of your neck again, causing that fire to return only to quench it again with a soft cool blow of air from her lips. You shudder. The green haired tormenter moves to your nipples, which should be covered with a shirt.

Suddenly you realize there is no shirt. In fact you are wearing no clothes at all. Instinctively you pull your hands down to your chest, but they won’t move. Turning your head to inspect your arms, you see something green wrapped around your wrist. The realization hits you with a quick wave of dread. Yuuka has tied you to the trellis with the vines. Weakly you try to break free from the restraints, but strength leaves you as sharp nails slowly scratch your sides. It hurts and feels great at the same time.

A pool of red fills your vision as Yuuka stares directly at you, face to face. “None of that, boy. Do not hurt my plants” she warns with a frightening voice as blood colored eyes pierce you. “Just stay there until I get what I want.” You manage to control your voice enough to inquire what that is. “Your seed” she replies matter-of-factly. “I want to taste your essence.” And with that, she lowers down to your waist.

Delicate fingers slide along your firmly erect shaft, followed by a hot wet tongue. Yuuka begins to fondle and rub your balls in one hand will stroking your penis in the other. What skilled hands. You can tell this isn’t the first time she has done this, but the thought is hard to maintain with so much nerve stimulation surging to your brain. The green haired vixen begins to playfully bite and pull the skin on your sac after lightly running her teeth and sucking the general area. She moves to the skin just behind it and licks it. Wow that’s a new sensation. Having her that far back disturbs you, but admittedly it felt quite good. Yuuka looks up and smiles. “Oh ho, enjoyed that? Maybe I should move a little farther,” she muses with a wicked smile. As her fingers reach for your ass you quickly vocalize a decline to the offer. With a disappointed face, she says “well that’s no fun. I was hoping to violate you a bit just to mock Mima, but if you refuse that profusely I guess there is no helping it. Besides, it seems like you are nearly ready anyways.” She isn’t wrong. Between whatever the plants did and Yuuka’s artful movements, you find it extremely hard to hold back. Yuuka returns to rubbing and stroking your cock while licking your pre-cum at the tip as you let out a long groan and let loose your load onto her.

Yuuka swallows the fluids greedily, savoring the taste as if it was ambrosia. She sucks hard, careful not to waste even a single drop. The sensation causes you to buck against the trellis as your muscles cry out in spasms. No thoughts or control come to you as pleasure hits your brain again and again, purging anything else in its wake. Time is lost as your mind goes blank.

As you come to, you realize that Yuuka is leaning against your chest and rubbing it caressingly. Her face is flushed with ragged breathing. “Who would have thought… you’d have such an…effect on me,” she manages to say between breaths. “I want more~.” With that thought she drops a yellow berry into her mouth and chews it for a second, and then moves up to kiss you. Her tongue slides across yours as the juices flow into your mouth. Sweetness fills your taste buds and you swallow instinctively. Yuuka kisses you fiercely while kneading your pecs and shoulders. After a minute she draws away with a thin string of saliva connecting her soft lips to yours. As if with a single touch on the vines, Yuuka unbinds your restraints. As you sink to the floor, strength seeps back into your body.

A skirt falls to the ground, followed a blouse and a large bra. Before you stands a naked and voluptuous queen with full breasts and hips. Her marvelous pink skin practically beckons you to grab it. Her sharp red eyes are filled with desire as she bites her lower lip in anticipation. In the back of your mind you wonder why she wasn’t wearing panties, when a fragrance reaches you. It’s delightful. The more you smell it, the more you hunger for it. Yuuka lifts a slender leg over you and rests the thigh on your shoulder. Desire hits you like a wave as the smell washes over you. The sight of her swollen pink pussy, lips parted, dripping with juices greets you. Immediately you cover it with your tongue, licking the sweet nectar away. Yuuka gasps and laughs. “Good boy,” she coos, rubbing your hair. “I’m glad the berries work on you. Now service me well and I’ll give you a treat~.”

You run your tongue up and down Yuuka’s tender fold of skin, invading every crevice. Obviously something has altered your sense of taste and smell, but it’s irrelevant as passion fuels you further. Moving to the front of her vagina, you feel a small bump. Yuuka’s body jerks as you pass over it. Interesting, her clitoris must be very sensitive. Running over it again, you hear a soft moan. Jackpot. With one hand you push two fingers against her vagina and spread the lips of her pussy. You push it forward towards you a little bit, moving the Labia menora and covering skin away to expose her swollen clit. Very carefully, you brush your tongue against it again, causing Yuuka to shudder and cry out. You repeat this, applying a little more force and hear her gasp in air. Brilliances hits to you as you create a pattern of rapidly licking up and down, side to side, and changing the pressure of your tongue while moving back down to rewet yourself on the rest of her vagina periodically. Yuuka’s moans come louder and more rapid as she almost falls over, grabbing some of the hanging vines for support. Her waist pushes forward, driving herself into your tongue. After a few more minutes of this, Yuuka’s smooth legs squeeze you and a cry of pleasure fills the room as a cascade of liquid is pushed out and covers your mouth with delicious sweetness. You feel a shift in weight and realize that she is about to fall over as you reach up and grab her lower back. Slowly you lower her to the ground, where she lies unmoving.

After a minute, Yuuka rises and suddenly pushes you to the ground, soil pressed against your back. Her eyes are wild and an evil smile fills her face as she hovers on her hands and knees just above you. “You,”she says darkly “are deceptively skilled.” The fierceness fades into longing as Yuuka wets her lips. “But I’m not done yet.” And with that, she lifts up your once again fully erect penis and slides down onto it. As her hot and tight pussy wraps around you, your sight begins to go fuzzy again. Suddenly a sharp pain cuts across your chest. “Focus,” Yuuka commands as she scratches you again. She begins to move up and down over you, trusting slowly at first but quickening over time. It is a wonderful sight to behold. Emerald hair shakes as she throws her head back; incredible breasts bounce up and down like waves. Unable to resist, you reach up and grab her breasts full in your hands; squeezing her hard nipples tightly. She cries out in pleasure and digs her hands and nails into your chest for support while grinding into you with an added forward and back motion. Her hips practically move in an oblong circle as she grinds forwards and down, then lifts up and back again. It almost reminds you of how a snake slithers; the motions carry from her chest down to her legs like waves. You synchronize with her movements and push up into her as she slides down against you.

“Oh!” she cries out and moans loudly. “Oh you wonderful boy. Truly Mima’s” but is cut short as you grab her beautiful ass and force your waist upwards with all your might. She yells out and quickens her pace. “Yes. YES. Oooh fill me. Fill me!” Ignoring the pain in your back and legs you continue to drive into her with all your might. Yuuka leans up and tosses her hands around erratically before pulling her hair and lifting her wonderful breasts up to bite them. It’s amazingly erotic sight. She seems to be going just as insane as you are.

As the two of you drive at each other with all your being, Yuuka’s moans becoming more intense. “Good boy oh OH god good boy! Yes yes just like that, just like that, oh oh OH!” She throws her head back and cries out as you feel her pussy tighten around your throbbing member. “I’m coming, I’m coming, oh fill me please FILL ME COVER ME” she cries out not a second too soon, as you let go of all your restraints and fill her to the brim with your hot seed. “aaaaAAAAAAAAAAAA” Yuuka screams as she orgasms, her hot pussy squeezing almost painfully around you in pulsating bursts. You slow and focus all your power into each thrust as you destroy all sense and reason in either of you.

Yuuka collapses onto your chest, breathing hard and covered with sweat. “Not…..bad” she compliments as she rolls off of you into the dirt, rubbing herself. After resting for a few minutes, you sit up and brush the soil off. The beautiful woman who basically just seduced and raped you is still in ecstasy on the ground, and it’s doubtful she will return any time soon. Finding your clothes a couple of feet away, you dress yourself and pocket a few of the berries and seed pods used during the encounter. “Could prove useful” you say to yourself as you exit the store. You know a pair of girls who could certainly benefit from them.