 “A man grows with every step he takes.”

At least, that's what your father told you. You've spent god knows how long walking and you don't feel any larger or manlier than before. Perhaps you should buy a pedometer so you could calculate what percentage of manliness that you've gained.

It would give you something to do other than count trees and throw rocks at things, which is the highlight of your day. You would be officially insane if you started to play “I Spy” by yourself when everything is a shade of green and brown. As a result, you've taken to catching insects and trapping them in a ring to fight to the death in your boredom. The winner would have the glory of travelling to fight new opponents and prove himself the ultimate bug. Nobody could beat the reigning champion of course, an adorable beetle that you have named Kabuto.

This has been the day to day life that you've lived for the last couple weeks. Always wandering from place to place, getting lost in the forest and occasionally visiting towns to restock. However, there was something different about today.

“Huh, why is there a shrine in the middle of nowhere?” You say out loud, hoping that Kabuto would reply with something other than a chirp. Of course, you are disappointed when he tries to bite your fingers for the umpteenth time

The Forest-Shrine as you decided to name it, was empty and in ruins, the stone stairs crumbled as you climbed up, sending rocks down the stairs for any other possible passersby. How long was this place abandoned? Aren't shrines supposed to be well kept? Perhaps the deity of this shrine had failed their worshippers in some way. It couldn't hurt to donate a few coins and the gods would appreciate having someone that hasn't given up on them.

You spend the better part of a day cleaning up the shrine, hoping to get some divine favor to pull strings in the future. Eventually, the sky turns dark and the rains starts to pour. Deciding that some sort of roof is better than none at all, you set up your tent in one of the side rooms. As you set down your sleeping bag, you bid goodnight to Kabuto and fall asleep with the sound of rain drizzling outside. 

Unwilling to move from your sleeping bag, you call out to the person who you assume is your best friend of all time, Kabuto.

“Hey, Kabuto, when did you grow arms and get a stick?” Better yet, how could he talk? You can smell the scent of money in this, a talking, fighting beetle? You'll make millions! Or at least, until the nutcases shut you down because you've just proven that beetles can be people too.

“Kabuto? You mean that bug?” She starts to jab harder, knowing that you're awake.

“Wait, so you're not a hyper-intelligent human sized beetle that would take over the world with your superior genetics?” You vaguely recall several series based on insects and how if they were human sized, they would be able to take over the world. You just hope that Kabuto would never betray you when he becomes the supreme ruler of the universe.

“Nope. I don't think he's very intelligent if he's fighting with an Oni.” Wait. WHAT?!

“KABUTO, NOOOOOOO!” You jump out of the bag with the force of a thousand suns, the love for your companion and closest friend pushes you far beyond your limits. The amount of sheer force and willpower tears it in half. There's no time to mourn Mr. Sleepy, you need to save Kabuto!

You headbutt into the figure, sending them flying across the room. The figure slams against the wall, making a loud thud.

“Calm down! I let him out to play with Suika! She'd never hurt a beetle, I swear!” She tries to calm you down, but you won't believe her lies until you see it with your own eyes!

You charge outside of the room and into the main yard, you recognize your beetle on the stairs, dueling with what appears to be an orange haired girl with two horns. You can see the spirit Kabuto is putting into his attacks, but she has the upper hand. There's only one thing you could do now, believe in Kabuto. His single horn fails in comparison to her duo-horn techniques.

“Nyahahaha! You're pretty good for a beetle!” This is too hard to watch, you have to do something! Even if his pride is damaged, you know that he'll forgive you in the end.

You run towards the pair, picking up the beetle and rolling dramatically down the stairs, keeping your friend close to your chest to prevent damage. You stop bouncing down the stairs about halfway, where you manage to land. Kabuto seems unharmed with his hard shell, but the same can't be said for you.

“Hey! How could you butt in on a honorable duel!” The horned girl is obviously annoyed. “However, I can appreciate when a man knows when to call off a fight.” She nods slowly and takes a big swig of her bottle.

You stumble back up the stairs to have a talk with Kabuto's greatest rival. But, you're interrupted by a flying kick to the face by a red blur.

“Now that you've calmed down, tell me who you are and I might forgive you for headbutting me.” You can make out her image now that the adrenaline has disappeared. She has brown hair and wears a shrine maiden's outfit in a red and white colour scheme. However, you question the functionality of detached sleeves. 

“Tell me who you are, and I might forgive you for kidnapping me!” She was the one who woke you up with a stick and put Kabuto in danger! ...Although, you couldn't blame her, she had 3 very good reasons to be mad at you.

1. You entered her shrine without permission and stayed the night there.
2. You headbutted her in the face.
3. You almost dive tackled her friend down the stairs in an attempt to save your beetle.

But, you are never wrong! There's no way you can back down now!

“...” You could see her smack her face with her hand, shaking her head side to side.

“Well? It's only common courtesy to introduce yourself first!” You didn't have many manners, but you had the basics down at least.

“...I am Reimu Hakurei, the shrine maiden of the Hakurei Shrine and protector of the Hakurei Border.”
The only thing you understood from her was that she liked to use the name “Hakurei” a lot.

“I'm Suika! Resident oni and drunk~” The girl with the horns claimed to be an oni, but she seems rather small to be one. Also, the onis you have heard of carry a giant club and wear loincloths, and she is severely lacking in both.

“...I am-” You tried to introduce yourself, but a loud blond girl on a broomstick interrupted you. It is also important to mention that she is several meters off the ground. What kind of sorcery is this? Did she sell her first born child to the devil? How does one gain the ability to fly?

“Yo, Reimu! I see you snagged a boyfriend!” She jumps off her broom and does a magnificent dive, performing multiple somersaults in the air before landing on the ground. You stare in shock at what you've just seen. A girl jumped from 10 meters up in the air, and landed on the ground without any damage? She could be an Olympic level diver! You would give her a full 10 points right now!

“He's not-” She becomes flustered and tries to deny the accusations, but the blond will not have any of that.

“Please take care of Reimu, she's a good friend of mine, and I hope you will make her happy.” She flashes you a grin before giving you a polite bow. You like the cut of her jib.

“Thank you, I will do everything I can for her happiness.” You return the bow.

“If you two are done joking around, I believe we were in the middle of a conversation.” Reimu is about to burst a vein, and that can't possibly be good for her. She is also holding her stick with fancy paper rather menacingly, and something tells you that you shouldn't get on her bad side.

“Jeez, Reimu, you're always such a buzzkill. Can't have any fun round' here.” The blond kicks a stone in mock irritation. It bounces off the tori and rebounds into her face.

“Bah, I've had enough stupid for one day! Go away.” Reimu shoos you away and goes back to doing whatever she does in the shrine. Suika follows behind her, taking another swig of her bottle.

The two of you, (or three if you count Kabuto, which you do) stand at the entrance. You start to wander off before the blond stops you.

“Hey, I haven't introduced myself yet, right? Name's Marisa Kirisame, the “Ordinary Magician”. Nice to meetcha.” She seems to understand the policy of presenting herself first, a skill that some people could learn.

“Name's Antony, call me Ant.” You return her introduction, “This is Kabuto, my pet beetle.” You try to nudge Kabuto to give a hello, but he crawls into your pocket. “He's just mad that I didn't let him fight with Suika.” It's like the time he tried to pick a fight with a bear; he'll forgive you in time.

“Oh, A beetle? The last time I had a fighting beetle, it grew too big and Reimu had to kill it. She wouldn't shut her trap about how magic went too far.” It's confirmed, Reimu hates insects. And fun.
But, she did seem pretty mad back there. It's not good to let anger stew, and you forgot your supplies back at the shrine anyways.

“I think we should apologize to Reimu.” Marisa gives you a strange look, and then sighs.

“Nah, she won't listen to nobody when she's that mad. Feel free to try though. I'm going to borrow some books. See ya!” She hops back on her broom and flies off over the horizon.

You walk into the building, and see Reimu sipping at some tea, half-asleep. Suika's nowhere to be seen, but you assume that she's honing her horn skills on a tree somewhere.

“Hey. Reimu?” She turns around to look at you.

“Oh. It's you.” And then she turns back to take another sip of her tea.

“Look. I'm sorry for what I did. I broke into your shrine and caused a lot of trouble for you. Please forgive me.” You sat down in front of her, to look her in the eye. You remember that eye contact was very important back in your line of work.

“...At least you're better than that good-for-nothing Marisa. She never apologized once! Always causing trouble trying to shove her mysterious mushrooms down my throat and call it magic! Then she says “Whoops.” and flies off! I can't believe that girl.” Marisa did call Reimu her friend, but you're starting to question that.

“Is there anything I can do to repay you?” You decide to change the topic; you'd be here until dawn if you had to wait until Reimu was done ranting.

“Yes, but we need to have a talk.” She looked serious now, you'd better listen carefully.

“I'm all ears.” You pull Kabuto out of your pocket and put him on the table. He sits there, waiting.

“You're not from this world.” This is a good start, it turns out you're an alien! “More accurately, you're from the outside world.” She just killed your hopes. “This place is called Gensokyo, it's full of magic, youkai and gods. That's how Marisa flies on her magic broomstick, but between you and me, she doesn't actually need it. She just likes riding on one.” Magic? Youkai? You saw the proof, Marisa had her broom, and the horns on Suika made a lot more sense now.

“It's my responsibility as the Hakurei shrine maiden to send you back.” She's going to send you back?

“No. I'm not going back.” You can't go back. There's nothing left for you there, and you had more plans than to be a hermit for the rest of your life.

“...I still have to do it, even if you don't want to.” She stares you down, there's no convincing her otherwise. You get ready to bolt out of the room before she sends you back. “However, I can't send you back on my own. I need someone to help me. Unfortunately, she has more power over this than me, so if she wants you to stay, you can stay.” There's a chance that you can stay after all? You decide to give it a shot, it'd certainly be better than being a fugitive in another world.

“Yukari? I know you're there.” She talks as if there's somebody there. “Yukari?” Still nothing. “...Old hag?” Whoever this Yukari is, she doesn't want to show up. Reimu scrunches her face before calling her one last time. “...Honey?” Her voice is practically dripping with disgust.

OH GOD, WHAT ARE THOSE EYE- “My, my, did you call for me, sweetie?” You swear to god, she appeared from nowhere. You're going to need to lie down with the knowledge that everything you ever knew is wrong. At least Kabuto is still the same.

“We have another outsider, and I need you to send him back.” She doesn't seem pleased to see this “Yukari”.

“Another outsider? Reimu, there are tons of fine men on this side of the border, you don't need to keep pulling people from the outside world to get your fix!” She pouts.

“Excuse me, mysterious lady with lots of eyes, but we already did this joke.” You stop it from progressing further. You don't need to be kicked out of the shrine again. And you're starting to feel sorry for Reimu, it seems like everyone she knows is out to mess with her.

“Oh?” Now that the initial damage to your sanity is gone, you can take the time to fully appreciate the sight of the woman. She wears a rather silly hat, and has ribbons on several parts of her dress and her blond hair. She's certainly frilly if nothing else.

“My name is Antony, pleased to make your acquaintance. This over here is my pet beetle, Kabuto.” You tap Kabuto on the back, and he refuses to do anything. All the time you spent on training him to do awesome tricks was wasted.

“I am Yakuri Yakumo, the youkai of borders, pleased to meet you too.” She throws out a quick introduction. She seems more interested in Kabuto than you.

“Look, are you going to send him back or not?” Reimu rushes her along, clearly trying to get rid of her as soon as possible.

“Nope.” Well, that was easy.

“What?! Why?” Reimu shouts, she seems determined to get you back.

“One of the gods let him in. Now, if you will excuse me, I'm going back to sleep.” And she casually rips apart the rules of time and space, opening a portal to places unknown. Then it hits you, could the silly hat be used a nightcap?

Reimu, on the other hand, almost slams head-first into the table. “What do you mean the gods let you in?! Was it one of those dirty Moriya Shrine gods? I bet it was Sanae! I'm going to have a good, long talk with them!”

You grab onto Reimu's hand before she flies off.

“Hold on! Bring me along with you!” You can smell the adventure, and you want in! This shrine is pretty boring, and you were just told there were REAL gods. Man, you would have went to church with your mom every Sunday if you knew.

“...I guess it'd be easier to explain if you were there in person.” Boo-yeah! You run to your room and grab all your gear. You almost forget Kabuto on your way out, but he doesn't seem to mind.

You drag Reimu outside, she's surprisingly easy to pull. “Where to, Captain Reimu?”

“Up.” Up? How she going to- Oh god. Oh man, OH GOD, OH MAN. ARE YOU FLYING?!

“WOOHOO!” How she does this is beyond your mortal comprehension. You're not the heaviest person around, but you know she shouldn't be able to lift you like this. You gotta ask Reimu how to fly later.
“Shut up for a minute, would you? You're just like Marisa.” You wouldn't mind being like Marisa. She flies on a broom and does awesome flips. How much cooler could she be?

“ADVENTURE, HOOO!” You scream at the top of your lungs, it's a tradition to scream at the top of your lungs when you're doing something awesome. You don't really notice that you're high enough to die if you fall. You double check on Kabuto to make sure he's nice and safe.

Suddenly, Reimu just moves forward. No wings, no jet packs, she just flies. There's no wind brushing against you either. You grip her hand extra tight, and she seems to notice it with a faint blush. Shrine maidens were supposed to be pure, so it made sense to you.

Thirty minutes later, the whole novelty of flight has worn off. It might be a different story if you were flying on your own. To pass the time, you and Kabuto play “I Spy,” but you always win when you guess the colour green. Deciding that there's nothing better to do, you make small talk with Reimu.

“Hey, Reimu, are we there yet?” This shrine was pretty far away, but you're going fast enough for the forests beneath to blur.

“No.”

“Are we there yet?”

“No.”

“Are we-”

“No.”

Reimu didn't seem like the talkative type anyways. You start to wonder how you got into this mess, so you start to recap yesterday's events. First, you were skipping rocks across a pond, then you found some bugs for Kabuto to fight. After that, you came across and shrine and cleaned it u- Oh.

“Hey! Reimu-” You were about to discuss your discovery with her, but she cut you off.

“We're here, now stop asking.” She seemed more snappish now. Maybe you shouldn't make small talk next time.

You arrive at a shrine on top of a mountain, you could hear a couple voices complaining about “The damn dogs” and “Can't even guard a mountain.” The shrine is well kept, with a large lake on the side of it. This place is a lot fancier than the other shrine.

“Welcome to Morinya Shrine!” You hear a voice call out.

“S-S-Sanae?!” Reimu seems in shock. This shrine is pretty good, but there's nothing to be surprised abou-

Hold on. Is that a cat girl? You do a double-take. The green haired girl had cat ears and a tail, in addition to that, she had an adorable frog hairpin and a snake tied around her hair She certainly had a lot more accessories than Reimu. Although, you could tell that the cat ears were fake, because there is no possible way that green fur is real... Right? You take a good look at her tail, it's slowly waving back and forth.

That's it, you need to have a long think about your life. Maybe in the next life, you can be an adorable cat girl too. You'd prefer to be a beetle first, of course, but the cuteness of this girl is off the charts.

“Oh? Who did you bring along with you?” She sighs, you can tell she's given up on the talking like a cat schtick.

“Are you playing dumb now? I know you brought him here!” You'd better stop Reimu before she continues on her wild goose chase.

“Uh... Reim-” You were being cut off a lot today.

“Oh yeah? Prove it.” Anyone could tell that they weren't on the best of terms, but there was no reason for her to be this catty.

“I don't have to!” You've gotta be kitten me.

“What are you, a child?” Sanae replies. This was going to turn into a catfight. You have to stop them right meow before a catastrophe happens!

“I HAVE SOMETHING IMPORTANT TO SAY.” They shut their mouths and look at you.

“Reimu, I cleaned up a shrine that looked like yours back in the Outside world. Don't you think that's what brought me here?” She stands flabbergasted for a minute. She turns a bright red and runs away.

You watch Reimu fly off into the sunset. She has to learn how to control her short temper, and letting her be embarrassed for a while could do that. With no way home, you start to climb down the stairs, before Sanae grabs you by the shoulder.

“Hold on, you don't think you could come here and just leave like that, right?” She knows how to CATch your attention. Plus, it would take forever to walk down this MEOWtain by yourself. She drags you into the shrine without any PAWse.

“So. Uh...” You squirm awkwardly at the table and wait for her to finish pouring you some MICEd tea. “What's going to happen to me?”

“Nothing.” She couldn't be LION, could she? She doesn't seem to be a CHEETAH.

“Alright, I'm hooked. Why are you a cat?” You decide to cut off the cat puns once and for PAW. They're just PUNishing for you to make at this point.

“Suwako's shenyanigans. She put the cat ears on my head and told me to collect some faith from the Wolf Tengus.” That would explain the ears, but where did she get the tail...? And what was her tail attached t- MAGIC. You can't afford to continue that train of thought in fear of losing your purity.

“So, did it work?” It worked well enough for you.

“Nope. They're wolves, not cats. I spent half the day being chased around the mountain.” That sounds like a lot of trouble. It was pretty obvious that wolves and cats wouldn't get along, but maybe that was part of Suwako's plans in the first place.

“I should introduce myself properly. I am Ant, and this is my partner Kab-” You reach in your pocket to find Kabuto, but all your can grasp is air. Where's Kabuto? Did you lose him on the way over? No, you double checked while the two ladies were fighting. Where could he possibly be? He couldn't have gotten too far!

“Kabuto?! Where are you?” You charge out of the room and start searching around the shrine. You try to listen for a light chirp around the shrine, but you hear a loud scream instead. You dash towards the noise and burst through the doors.

The first thing you notice is a rather large woman cowering in the corner, with some strange circle of rope floating behind her. After that, you notice Kabuto sitting on a belt. “Oh, there you are, Kabuto.” You bend over and try to pick him up, but he skitters back onto the belt. How strange. You pick up the belt and walk back to Sanae, leaving the large woman shivering in fear.

“Sorry for that, this is my good friend, Kabuto.” You tap him on the horn.

“Oh? He seems rather attached to that belt.” She's right, what was it about this thing? You put on the belt so that you wouldn't have to carry it anymore.

“What's so special about this belt?” It seemed rather gaudy, but it had a small cage in the middle.

“That's an old toy of mine, you put a plastic insect in the cage and say “Henshin,” but all it does is make some sounds and yell out the name of the bug.” Maybe you should give it a test? Kabuto seems more than willing to do so.

You shrug and put Kabuto in the cage. It's almost too small to fit him, but you manage to jam him in there. Now you have to say the magic words, what was it again? “Henshin?”